We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
Article. I.
Section. 1.
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
Section. 2.
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature.
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen.
Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons, including those bound to Service for a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other Persons. The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight, Rhode-Island and Providence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies.
The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Officers; and shall have the sole Power of Impeachment. 
Section. 3.
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall have one Vote.
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such Vacancies.
No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty Years, and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.
The Senate shall chuse their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, in the Absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise the Office of President of the United States.
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law. 
Section. 4.
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senators.
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall be on the first Monday in December, unless they shall by Law appoint a different Day. 
Section. 5.
Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide.
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.
Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting. 
Section. 6.
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place.
No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States, which shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been encreased during such time; and no Person holding any Office under the United States, shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office. 
Section. 7.
All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United States; If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be determined by yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, in like Manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law.
Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill. 
Section. 8.
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;
To borrow Money on the credit of the United States;
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;
To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures;
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States;
To establish Post Offices and post Roads;
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries;
To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offences against the Law of Nations;
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;
To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years;
To provide and maintain a Navy;
To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress;
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings;—And
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Section. 9.
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a Tax or duty may be imposed on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person.
The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed.
No Capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the Census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken.
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the Ports of one State over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another.
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State. 
Section. 10.
No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any Title of Nobility.
No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties on Imports or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing it's inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts, laid by any State on Imports or Exports, shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the United States; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Controul of the Congress.
No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any Duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay. 
Article. II.
Section. 1.
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together with the Vice President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows
Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United States, shall be appointed an Elector.
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two Persons, of whom one at least shall not be an Inhabitant of the same State with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall immediately chuse by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Manner chuse the President. But in chusing the President, the Votes shall be taken by States, the Representation from each State having one Vote; A quorum for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two thirds of the States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall chuse from them by Ballot the Vice President.
The Congress may determine the Time of chusing the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States.
No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be removed, or a President shall be elected.
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be encreased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them.
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Oath or Affirmation:—"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States." 
Section. 2.
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Power to grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States, except in Cases of Impeachment.
He shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments.
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session. 
Section. 3.
He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all the Officers of the United States. 
Section. 4.
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors. 
Article III.
Section. 1.
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services, a Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office. 
Section. 2.
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which shall be made, under their Authority;—to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls;—to all Cases of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction;—to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party;—to Controversies between two or more States;— between a State and Citizens of another State,—between Citizens of different States,—between Citizens of the same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects.
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed. 
Section. 3.
Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.
The Congress shall have Power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted. 
Article. IV.
Section. 1.
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be proved, and the Effect thereof. 
Section. 2.
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States.
A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on Demand of the executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, be discharged from such Service or Labour, but shall be delivered up on Claim of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due.
Section. 3.
New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
Section. 4.
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened), against domestic Violence. 
Article. V.
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. 
Article. VI.
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as under the Confederation.
This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States. 
Article. VII.
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.
The Word, "the," being interlined between the seventh and eighth Lines of the first Page, The Word "Thirty" being partly written on an Erazure in the fifteenth Line of the first Page, The Words "is tried" being interlined between the thirty second and thirty third Lines of the first Page and the Word "the" being interlined between the forty third and forty fourth Lines of the second Page.
Attest William Jackson Secretary
done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Eighty seven and of the Independance of the United States of America the Twelfth In witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names,

hree hundred miles up the Mississippi River from its mouth—many parishes above New Orleans and well north of Baton Rouge—a navigation lock in the Mississippi’s right bank allows ships to drop out of the river. In evident defiance of nature, they descend as much as thirty-three feet, then go off to the west or south. This, to say the least, bespeaks a rare relationship between a river and adjacent terrain—any river, anywhere, let alone the third-ranking river on earth. The adjacent terrain is Cajun country, in a geographical sense the apex of the French Acadian world, which forms a triangle in southern Louisiana, with its base the Gulf Coast from the mouth of the Mississippi almost to Texas, its two sides converging up here near the lock—and including neither New Orleans nor Baton Rouge. The people of the local parishes (Pointe Coupee Parish, Avoyelles Parish) would call this the apex of Cajun country in every possible sense—no one more emphatically than the lockmaster, on whose face one day I noticed a spreading astonishment as he watched me remove from my pocket a red bandanna.
“You are a coonass with that red handkerchief,” he said.
A coonass being a Cajun, I threw him an appreciative smile. I told him that I always have a bandanna in my pocket, wherever I happen to be—in New York as in Maine or Louisiana, not to mention New Jersey (my home)—and sometimes the color is blue. He said, “Blue is the sign of a Yankee. But that red handkerchief—with that, you are pure coonass.” The lockmaster wore a white hard hat above his creased and deeply tanned face, his full but not overloaded frame. The nameplate on his desk said rabalais.
The navigation lock is not a formal place. When I first met Rabalais, six months before, he was sitting with his staff at 10 a.m. eating homemade bread, macaroni and cheese, and a mound of rice that was concealed beneath what he called “smoked old-chicken gravy.” He said, “Get yourself a plate of that.” As I went somewhat heavily for the old chicken, Rabalais said to the others, “He’s pure coonass. I knew it.”
If I was pure coonass, I would like to know what that made Rabalais—Norris F. Rabalais, born and raised on a farm near Simmesport, in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana. When Rabalais was a child, there was no navigation lock to lower ships from the Mississippi. The water just poured out—boats with it—and flowed on into a distributary waterscape known as Atchafalaya. In each decade since about 1860, the Atchafalaya River had drawn off more water from the Mississippi than it had in the decade before. By the late nineteen-forties, when Rabalais was in his teens, the volume approached one-third. As the Atchafalaya widened and deepened, eroding headward, offering the Mississippi an increasingly attractive alternative, it was preparing for nothing less than an absolute capture: before long, it would take all of the Mississippi, and itself become the master stream. Rabalais said, “They used to teach us in high school that one day there was going to be structures up here to control the flow of that water, but I never dreamed I was going to be on one. Somebody way back yonder—which is dead and gone now—visualized it. We had some pretty sharp teachers.”
The Mississippi River, with its sand and silt, has created most of Louisiana, and it could not have done so by remaining in one channel. If it had, southern Louisiana would be a long narrow peninsula reaching into the Gulf of Mexico. Southern Louisiana exists in its present form because the Mississippi River has jumped here and there within an arc about two hundred miles wide, like a pianist playing with one hand—frequently and radically changing course, surging over the left or the right bank to go off in utterly new directions. Always it is the river’s purpose to get to the Gulf by the shortest and steepest gradient. As the mouth advances southward and the river lengthens, the gradient declines, the current slows, and sediment builds up the bed. Eventually, it builds up so much that the river spills to one side. Major shifts of that nature have tended to occur roughly once a millennium. The Mississippi’s main channel of three thousand years ago is now the quiet water of Bayou Teche, which mimics the shape of the Mississippi. Along Bayou Teche, on the high ground of ancient natural levees, are Jeanerette, Breaux Bridge, Broussard, Olivier—arcuate strings of Cajun towns. Eight hundred years before the birth of Christ, the channel was captured from the east. It shifted abruptly and flowed in that direction for about a thousand years. In the second century a.d., it was captured again, and taken south, by the now unprepossessing Bayou Lafourche, which, by the year 1000, was losing its hegemony to the river’s present course, through the region that would be known as Plaquemines. By the nineteen-fifties, the Mississippi River had advanced so far past New Orleans and out into the Gulf that it was about to shift again, and its offspring Atchafalaya was ready to receive it. By the route of the Atchafalaya, the distance across the delta plain was a hundred and forty-five miles—well under half the length of the route of the master stream.
For the Mississippi to make such a change was completely natural, but in the interval since the last shift Europeans had settled beside the river, a nation had developed, and the nation could not afford nature. The consequences of the Atchafalaya’s conquest of the Mississippi would include but not be limited to the demise of Baton Rouge and the virtual destruction of New Orleans. With its fresh water gone, its harbor a silt bar, its economy disconnected from inland commerce, New Orleans would turn into New Gomorrah. Moreover, there were so many big industries between the two cities that at night they made the river glow like a worm. As a result of settlement patterns, this reach of the Mississippi had long been known as “the German coast,” and now, with B. F. Goodrich, E. I. du Pont, Union Carbide, Reynolds Metals, Shell, Mobil, Texaco, Exxon, Monsanto, Uniroyal, Georgia-Pacific, Hydrocarbon Industries, Vulcan Materials, Nalco Chemical, Freeport Chemical, Dow Chemical, Allied Chemical, Stauffer Chemical, Hooker Chemicals, Rubicon Chemicals, American Petrofina—with an infrastructural concentration equalled in few other places—it was often called “the American Ruhr.” The industries were there because of the river. They had come for its navigational convenience and its fresh water. They would not, and could not, linger beside a tidal creek. For nature to take its course was simply unthinkable. The Sixth World War would do less damage to southern Louisiana. Nature, in this place, had become an enemy of the state.
Rabalais works for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Some years ago, the Corps made a film that showed the navigation lock and a complex of associated structures built in an effort to prevent the capture of the Mississippi. The narrator said, “This nation has a large and powerful adversary. Our opponent could cause the United States to lose nearly all her seaborne commerce, to lose her standing as first among trading nations. . . .We are fighting Mother Nature. . . .It’s a battle we have to fight day by day, year by year; the health of our economy depends on victory.”
Rabalais was in on the action from the beginning, working as a construction inspector. Here by the site of the navigation lock was where the battle had begun. An old meander bend of the Mississippi was the conduit through which water had been escaping into the Atchafalaya. Complicating the scene, the old meander bend had also served as the mouth of the Red River. Coming in from the northwest, from Texas via Shreveport, the Red River had been a tributary of the Mississippi for a couple of thousand years—until the nineteen-forties, when the Atchafalaya captured it and drew it away. The capture of the Red increased the Atchafalaya’s power as it cut down the country beside the Mississippi. On a map, these entangling watercourses had come to look like the letter “H.” The Mississippi was the right-hand side. The Atchafalaya and the captured Red were the left-hand side. The crosspiece, scarcely seven miles long, was the former meander bend, which the people of the parish had long since named Old River. Sometimes enough water would pour out of the Mississippi and through Old River to quintuple the falls at Niagara. It was at Old River that the United States was going to lose its status among the world’s trading nations. It was at Old River that New Orleans would be lost, Baton Rouge would be lost. At Old River, we would lose the American Ruhr. The Army’s name for its operation there was Old River Control.
Who owns the moon?
Rabalais gestured across the lock toward what seemed to be a pair of placid lakes separated by a trapezoidal earth dam a hundred feet high. It weighed five million tons, and it had stopped Old River. It had cut Old River in two. The severed ends were sitting there filling up with weeds. Where the Atchafalaya had entrapped the Mississippi, bigmouth bass were now in charge. The navigation lock had been dug beside this monument. The big dam, like the lock, was fitted into the mainline levee of the Mississippi. In Rabalais’s pickup, we drove on the top of the dam, and drifted as wed through Old River country. On this day, he said, the water on the Mississippi side was eighteen feet above sea level, while the water on the Atchafalaya side was five feet above sea level. Cattle were grazing on the slopes of the levees, and white horses with white colts, in deep-green grass. Behind the levees, the fields were flat and reached to rows of distant trees. Very early in the morning, a low fog had covered the fields. The sun, just above the horizon, was large and ruddy in the mist, rising slowly, like a hot-air baboon. This was a countryside of corn and soybeans, of grain-fed-catfish ponds, of feed stores and Kingdom Halls in crossroad towns. There were small neat cemeteries with ranks of white sarcophagi raised a foot or two aboveground, notwithstanding the protection of the levees. There were tarpapered cabins on concrete pylons, and low brick houses under planted pines. Pickups under the pines. If this was a form of battlefield, it was not unlike a great many battlefields—landscapes so quiet they belie their story. Most battlefields, though, are places where something happened once. Here it would happen indefinitely.
We went out to the Mississippi. Still indistinct in mist, it looked like a piece of the sea. Rabalais said, “That’s a wide booger, right there.” In the spring high water of vintage years—1927, 1937, 1973—more than two million cubic feet of water had gone by this place in every second. Sixty-five kilotons per second. By the mouth of the inflow channel leading to the lock were rock jetties, articulated concrete mattress revetments, and other heavy defenses. Rabalais observed that this particular site was no more vulnerable than almost any other point in this reach of river that ran so close to the Atchafalaya plain. There were countless places where a breakout might occur: “It has a tendency to go through just anywheres you can call for.”
Why, then, had the Mississippi not jumped the bank and long since diverted to the Atchafalaya?
“Because they’re watching it close,” said Rabalais. “It’s under close surveillance.”
After the Corps dammed Old River, in 1963, the engineers could not just walk away, like roofers who had fixed a leak. In the early planning stages, they had considered doing that, but there were certain effects they could not overlook. The Atchafalaya, after all, was a distributary of the Mississippi—the major one, and, as it happened, the only one worth mentioning that the Corps had not already plugged. In time of thundering flood, the Atchafalaya was used as a safety valve, to relieve a good deal of pressure and help keep New Orleans from ending up in Yucatán. The Atchafalaya was also the source of the water in the swamps and bayous of the Cajun world. It was the water supply of small cities and countless towns. Its upper reaches were surrounded by farms. The Corps was not in a political or moral position to kill the Atchafalaya. It had to feed it water. By the principles of nature, the more the Atchafalaya was given, the more it would want to take, because it was the steeper stream. The more it was given, the deeper it would make its bed. The difference in level between the Atchafalaya and the Mississippi would continue to increase, magnifying the conditions for capture. The Corps would have to deal with that. The Corps would have to build something that could give the Atchafalaya a portion of the Mississippi and at the same time prevent it from taking all. In effect, the Corps would have to build a Fort Laramie: a place where the natives could buy flour and firearms but where the gates could be closed if they attacked.
Ten miles upriver from the navigation lock, where the collective sediments were thought to be more firm, they dug into a piece of dry ground and built what appeared for a time to be an incongruous, waterless bridge. Five hundred and sixty-six feet long, it stood parallel to the Mississippi and about a thousand yards back from the water. Between its abutments were ten piers, framing eleven gates that could be lifted or dropped, opened or shut, like windows. To this structure, and through it, there soon came a new Old River—an excavated channel leading in from the Mississippi and out seven miles to the Red-Atchafalaya. The Corps was not intending to accommodate nature. Its engineers were intending to control it in space and arrest it in time. In 1950, shortly before the project began, the Atchafalaya was taking thirty per cent of the water that came down from the north to Old River. This water was known as the latitude flow, and it consisted of a little in the Red, a lot in the Mississippi. The United States Congress, in its deliberations, decided that “the distribution of flow and sediment in the Mississippi and Atchafalaya Rivers is now in desirable proportions and should be so maintained.” The Corps was thereby ordered to preserve 1950. In perpetuity, at Old River, thirty per cent of the latitude flow was to pass to the Atchafalaya.
The device that resembled a ten-pier bridge was technically a sill, or weir, and it was put on line in 1963, in an orchestrated sequence of events that flourished the art of civil engineering. The old Old River was closed. The new Old River was opened. The water, as it crossed the sill from the Mississippi’s level to the Atchafalaya’s, tore to white shreds in the deafening turbulence of a great new falls, from lip to basin the construction of the Corps. More or less simultaneously, the navigation lock opened its chamber. Now everything had changed and nothing had changed. Boats could still drop away from the river. The ratio of waters continued as before—this for the American Ruhr, that for the ecosystems of the Cajun swamps. Withal, there was a change of command, as the Army replaced nature.
In time, people would come to suggest that there was about these enterprises an element of hauteur. A professor of law at Tulane University, for example, would assign it third place in the annals of arrogance. His name was Oliver Houck. “The greatest arrogance was the stealing of the sun,” he said. “The second-greatest arrogance is running rivers backward. The third-greatest arrogance is trying to hold the Mississippi in place. The ancient channels of the river go almost to Texas. Human beings have tried to restrict the river to one course—that’s where the arrogance began.” The Corps listens closely to things like that and files them in its archives. Houck had a point. Bold it was indeed to dig a fresh conduit in the very ground where one river had prepared to trap another, bolder yet to build a structure there meant to be in charge of what might happen.
Some people went further than Houck, and said that they thought the structure would fail. In 1980, for example, a study published by the Water Resources Research Institute, at Louisiana State University, described Old River as “the scene of a direct confrontation between the United States Government and the Mississippi River,” and—all constructions of the Corps notwithstanding—awarded the victory to the Mississippi River. “Just when this will occur cannot be predicted,” the report concluded. “It could happen next year, during the next decade, or sometime in the next thirty or forty years. But the final outcome is simply a matter of time and it is only prudent to prepare for it.”
The Corps thought differently, saying, “We can’t let that happen. We are charged by Congress not to let that happen.” Its promotional film referred to Old River Control as “a good soldier.” Old River Control was, moreover, “the keystone of the comprehensive flood-protection project for the lower Mississippi Valley,” and nothing was going to remove the keystone. People arriving at New Orleans District Headquarters, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, were confronted at the door by a muralled collage of maps and pictures and bold letters unequivocally declaring, “The Old River Control Structures, located about two hundred miles above New Orleans on the Mississippi River, prevent the Mississippi from changing course by controlling flows diverted into the Atchafalaya Basin.”
No one’s opinions were based on more intimate knowledge than those of LeRoy Dugas, Rabalais’s upstream counterpart—the manager of the apparatus that controlled the flow at Old River. Like Rabalais, he was Acadian and of the country. Dugie—as he is universally called—had worked at Old River Control since 1963, when the water started flowing. In years to follow, colonels and generals would seek his counsel. “Those professors at L.S.U. say that whatever we do we’re going to lose the system,” he remarked one day at Old River, and, after a pause, added, “Maybe they’re right.” His voice had the sound of water over rock. In pitch, it was lower than a helicon tuba. Better to hear him indoors, in his operations office, away from the structure’s competing thunders. “Maybe they’re right,” he repeated. “We feel that we can hold the river. We’re going to try. Whenever you try to control nature, you’ve got one strike against you.”
Dugie’s face, weathered and deeply tanned, was saved from looking weary by the alertness and the humor in his eyes. He wore a large, lettered belt buckle that said to help control the mississippi. “I was originally born in Morganza,” he told me. “Thirty miles down the road. I have lived in Pointe Coupee Parish all my life. Once, I even closed my domicile and went to work in Texas for the Corps—but you always come back.” (Rabalais also—as he puts it—“left out of here one time,” but not for long.) All through Dugie’s youth, of course, the Mississippi had spilled out freely to feed the Atchafalaya. He took the vagaries of the waters for granted, not to mention the supremacy of their force in flood. He was a naval gunner on Liberty ships in the South Pacific during the Second World War, and within a year or two of his return was astonished to hear that the Corps of Engineers was planning to restrain Old River. “They were going to try to control the flow,” he said. “I thought they had lost their marbles.”
Outside, on the roadway that crosses the five-hundred-and-sixty-six-foot structure, one could readily understand where the marbles might have gone. Even at this time of modest normal flow, we looked down into a rage of water. It was running at about twelve miles an hour—significantly faster than the Yukon after breakup—and it was pounding into the so-called stilling basin on the downstream side, the least still place you would ever see. The No. 10 rapids of the Grand Canyon, which cannot be run without risk of life, resemble the Old River stilling basin, but the rapids of the canyon are a fifth as wide. The Susitna River is sometimes more like it—melted glacier ice from the Alaska Range. Huge trucks full of hardwood logs kept coming from the north to cross the structure, on their way to a chipping mill at Simmesport. One could scarcely hear them as they went by.
There was a high sill next to this one—a separate weir, two-thirds of a mile long and set two feet above the local flood stage, its purpose being to help regulate the flow of extremely high waters. The low sill, as the one we stood on was frequently called, was the prime valve at Old River, and dealt with the water every day. The fate of the project had depended on the low sill, and it was what people meant when, as they often did, they simply said “the structure.” The structure and the high sill—like the navigation lock downstream—were filled into the Mississippi’s mainline levee. Beyond the sound of the water, the broad low country around these structures was quiet and truly still. Here and again in the fields, pump jacks bobbed for oil. In the river batcher—the silt-swept no man’s land between waterline and levee—lone egrets sat in trees, waiting for the next cow.
Dugie remarked that he would soon retire, that he felt old and worn down from fighting the river.
I said to him, “All you need is a good flood.”
And he said, “Oh, no. Don’t talk like that, man. You talk vulgar.”
It was odd to look out toward the main-stem Mississippi, scarcely half a mile away, and see its contents spilling sideways, like cornmeal pouring from a hole in a burlap bag. Dugie said that so much water coming out of the Mississippi created a powerful and deceptive draw, something like a vacuum, that could suck in boats of any size. He had seen some big ones up against the structure. In the mid-sixties, a man alone had come down from Wisconsin in a small double-ended vessel with curling ends and tumblehome—a craft that would not have been unfamiliar to the Algonquians, who named the Mississippi. Dugie called this boat “a pirogue.” Whatever it was, the man had paddled it all the way from Wisconsin, intent on reaching New Orleans When he had nearly conquered the Mississippi, however, he was captured by the Atchafalaya. Old River caught him, pulled him off the Mississippi, and shot him through the structure. “He was in shock, but he lived,” Dugie said. “We put him in the hospital in Natchez.”
After a moment, I said, “This is an exciting place.”
And Dugie said, “You’ve heard of Murphy—‘What can happen will happen’? This is where Murphy lives.”
A towboat coming up the Atchafalaya may be running from Corpus Christi to Vicksburg with a cargo of gasoline, or from Houston to St. Paul with ethylene glycol. Occasionally, Rabalais sees a sailboat, more rarely a canoe. One time, a cottonwood-log dugout with a high Viking bow went past Old River. A ship carrying Leif Eriksson himself, however, would be less likely to arrest the undivided attention of the lockmaster than a certain red-trimmed cream-hulled vessel called Mississippi, bearing Major General Thomas Sands.
Each year, in late summer or early fall, the Mississippi comes down its eponymous river and noses into the lock. This is the Low-Water Inspection Trip, when the General makes a journey from St. Louis and into the Atchafalaya, stopping along the way at river towns, picking up visitors, listening to complaints. In external configuration, the Mississippi is a regular towboat—two hundred and seventeen feet long, fifty feet wide, its horsepower approaching four thousand. The term “towboat” is a misnomer, for the river towboats all push their assembled barges and are therefore designed with broad flat bows. Their unpleasant profiles seem precarious, as if they were the rear halves of ships that have been cut in two. The Mississippi triumphs over these disadvantages. Intended as a carrier of influenceable people, it makes up in luxury what it suffers in form. Only its red trim is martial. Its over-all bright cream suggests globules that have risen to the top. Its broad flat front is a wall of picture windows, of riverine panoramas, faced with cream-colored couches among coffee tables and standing lamps. A river towboat will push as many as fifty barges at one time. What this boat pushes is the program of the Corps.
The Mississippi, on its fall trip, is the site of on-board hearings at Cape Girardeau, Memphis, Vicksburg, and, ultimately, Morgan City. Customarily, it arrives at Old River early in the morning. Before the boat goes through the lock, people with names like Broussard, Brignac, Begnaud, Blanchard, Juneau, Gautreau, Caillouet, and Smith get on—people from the Atchafalaya Basin Levee Board, the East Jefferson Levee Board, the Pontchartrain Levee Board, the Louisiana Office of Public Works, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Teche-Vermilion Fresh Water District. Oliver Houck, the Tulane professor, gets on, and nine people—seven civilians and two colonels—from the New Orleans District of the Corps of Engineers. “This is the ultimate in communications,” says the enthusiastic General Sands as he greets his colleagues and guests. The gates close behind the Mississippi. The mooring bits inside the lock wail like coyotes as the water and the boat go down.
The pilothouse of the Mississippi is a wide handsome room directly above the lounge and similarly fronted with a wall of windows. It has map-and-chart tables, consoles of electronic equipment, redundant radars. The pilots stand front and center, as trim and trig as pilots of the air—John Dugger, from Collierville, Tennessee (the ship’s home port is Memphis), and Jorge Cano, a local “contact pilot,” who is here to help the regular pilots sense the shoals of the Atchafalaya. Among the mutating profiles of the river, their work is complicated. Mark Twain wrote of river pilots, “Two things seemed pretty apparent to me. One was, that in order to be a pilot a man had got to learn more than any one man ought to be allowed to know; and the other was, that he must learn it all over again in a different way every twenty-four hours. . . .Your true pilot cares nothing about anything on earth but the river, and his pride in his occupation surpasses the pride of kings.” Cano, for his part, is somewhat less flattering on the subject of Twain. He says it baffles him that Twain has “such a big reputation for someone who spent so little time on the river.” Today, the Atchafalaya waters are twelve feet lower than the Mississippi’s. Cano says that the difference is often as much as twenty. Now the gates slowly open, revealing the outflow channel that leads into old Old River and soon to the Atchafalaya.
The Mississippi River Commission, which is part civilian and part military, with General Sands as president, is required by statute to make these trips—to inspect the flood-control and navigation systems from Illinois to the Gulf, and to hold the hearings. Accordingly, there are two major generals and one brigadier aboard, several colonels, various majors—in all, a military concentration that is actually untypical of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps consists essentially of civilians, with a veneer of military people at and near the top. For example, Sands has with him his chief executive assistant, his chief engineer, his chief planner, his chief of operations, and his chief of programming. All these chiefs are civilians. Sands is commander of the Corps’ Lower Mississippi Valley Division, which the New Orleans District, which includes Old River, is a part. The New Orleans District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, consists of something like ten Army officers and fourteen hundred civilians.
Just why the Army should be involved at all with levee systems, navigation locks, rock jetties, concrete revetments, and the austere realities of deltaic geomorphology is a question that attracts no obvious answer. The Corps is here because it is here. Its presence is an expression not of contemporary military strategy but of pure evolutionary tradition, its depth of origin about a century and three-quarters. The Corps is here specifically to safeguard the nation against any repetition of the War of 1812. When that unusual year was in its thirty-sixth month, the British Army landed on the Gulf Coast and marched against New Orleans. The war had been promoted, not to say provoked, by territorially aggressive American Midwesterners who were known around the country as hawks. It had so far produced some invigorating American moments (“We have met the enemy and they are ours”), including significant naval victories by ships like the Hornet and the Wasp. By and large, though, the triumphs had been British. The British had repelled numerous assaults on Canada. They had established a base in Maine. In Washington, they had burned the Capitol and the White House, and with their rutilant rockets and airburst ballistics they tried to destroy Baltimore. New Orleans was not unaware of these events, and very much dreaded invasion. When it came, militarily untrained American backwoods sharpshooters, standing behind things like cotton bales, picked off two thousand soldiers of the King while losing seventy-one of their own. Nonetheless, the city’s fear of invasion long outlasted the war.
Despite the Treaty of Ghent, there was a widespread assumption that the British would attack again and, if so, would surely attack where they had attacked before. One did not have to go to the War College to learn that lightning enjoys a second chance. Fortifications were therefore required in the environs of New Orleans. That this was an assignment for the Army Corps of Engineers was obvious in more than a military sense. There was—and for another decade would be—only one school of engineering in America. This was the United States Military Academy, at West Point, New York. The academy had been founded in 1802. The beginnings of the Army Corps of Engineers actually date to the American Revolution. General Washington, finding among his aroused colonists few engineers worthy of the word, hired engineers from Louis XVI, and the first Corps was for the most part French.
The Army engineers chose half a dozen sites near New Orleans and, setting a pattern, signed up a civilian contractor to build the fortifications. Congress also instructed the Army to survey the Mississippi and its tributaries with an eye to assuring and improving inland navigation. Thus the Corps spread northward from its military fortifications into civil works along the rivers. In the eighteen-forties and fifties, many of these projects were advanced under the supervision of Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, West Point ’38, a native of St. Bernard Parish, and ranking military engineer in the district. Late in 1860, Beauregard was named superintendent of the United States Military Academy. He served five days, resigned to become a Confederate general, and opened the Civil War by directing the bombardment of Fort Sumter.
So much for why there are military officers on the towboat Mississippi inspecting the flood controls of Louisiana’s delta plain. Thomas Sands with his two stars, his warm smile, his intuitive sense of people, and his knowledge of hydrology—is Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard’s apostolic successor. Sands is trim, athletic, and, in appearance, youthful. Only in his Vietnam ribbons does he show the effects of his assignments as a combat engineer. One of his thumbs is larger and less straight than the other, but that is nothing more than an orthopedic reference to the rigors of plebe lacrosse—West Point ’58. He grew up near Nashville, and has an advanced degree in hydrology from Texas A. & M. and a law degree he earned at night while working in the Pentagon. As a colonel, he spent three years in charge of the New Orleans District. As a brigadier general, he was commander of the Corps’ North Atlantic Division, covering military and civil works from Maine to Virginia. Now, from his division headquarters, in Vicksburg, he is in charge of the Mississippi Valley from Missouri to the Gulf. On a wall of his private office is a board of green slate. One day when I was interviewing him there, he spent much of the time making and erasing chalk diagrams. “Man against nature. That’s what life’s all about,” he said as he sketched the concatenating forces at Old River and the controls the Corps had applied. He used only the middle third of the slate. The rest had been preempted. The words ‘Be Innovative, Be Responsive, and Operate with a Touch of Class” were chalked across the bottom. “Old River is a true representation of a confrontation with nature,” he went on. “Folks recognized that Mother Nature, being what she is—having changed course many times—would do it again. Today, Mother Nature is working within a constrained environment in the lower Mississippi. Old River is the key element. Every facet of law below there relates to what goes on in this little out-of-the-way point that most folks have never heard about.” Chalked across the upper third of the state were the words “Do What’s Right, and Be Prepared to Fight as Infantry When Required!!!”
Now, aboard the towboat Mississippi, the General is saying, “In terms of hydrology, what we’ve done here at Old River is stop time. We have, in effect, stopped time in terms of the distribution of flows. Man is directing the maturing process of the Atchafalaya and the lower Mississippi.” There is nothing formal about these remarks. The General says that this journey downriver is meant to be “a floating convention.” Listening to him is not a requirement. From the pilothouse to the fantail, people wander where they please, stopping here and again to converse in small groups.
Two floatplanes appear above the trees, descend, flare, and land side by side behind the Mississippi. The towboat reduces power, and the airplanes taxi into its wake. They carry four passengers from Morgan City—latecomers to the floating convention. They climb aboard, and the airplanes fly away. These four, making such effort to advance their special interests, are four among two million nine hundred thousand people whose livelihoods, safety, health, and quality of life are directly influenced by the Corps’ controls at Old River. In years gone by, when there were no control structures, naturally there were no complaints. The water went where it pleased. People took it as it came. The delta was in a state of nature. But now that Old River is valved and metered there are two million nine hundred thousand potential complainers, very few of whom are reluctant to present a grievance to the Corps. When farmers want less water, for example, fishermen want more, and they all complain to the Corps. In General Sands’ words, “We’re always walkin’ around with, by and large, the black hat on. There’s no place in the U.S. where there are so many competing interests relating to one water resource.”
Aboard the Mississippi, this is the primary theme. Oliver Houck, professor of ecoprudence, is heard to mutter, “What the Corps does with the water decides everything.” And General Sands cheerfully remarks that every time he makes one of these trips he gets “beaten on the head and shoulders.” He continues, “In most water-resources stories, you can identify two sides. Here there are many more. The crawfisherman and the shrimper come up within five minutes asking for opposite things. The crawfishermen say, ‘Put more water in, the water is low.’ Shrimpers don’t want more water. They are benefitted by low water. Navigation interests say, ‘The water is too low, don’t take more away or you’ll have to dredge.’ Municipal interests say, ‘Keep the water high or you’ll increase saltwater intrusion.’ In the high-water season, everybody is interested in less water. As the water starts dropping, upstream farmers say, ‘Get the water off of us quicker.’ But folks downstream don’t want it quicker. As water levels go up, we divert some fresh water into marshes, because the marshes need it for the nutrients and the sedimentation, but oyster fishermen complain. They all complain except the ones who have seed-oyster beds, which are destroyed by excessive salinity. The variety of competing influences is phenomenal.”
In southern Louisiana, the bed of the Mississippi River is so far below sea level that a flow of at least a hundred and twenty thousand cubic feet per second is needed to hold back salt water and keep it below New Orleans, which drinks the river. Along the ragged edges of the Gulf, whole ecosystems depend on the relationship of fresh to salt water, which is in large part controlled by the Corps. Shrimp people want water to be brackish, waterfowl people want it fresh—a situation that causes National Marine Fisheries to do battle with United States Fish and Wildlife while both simultaneously attack the Corps. The industrial interests of the American Ruhr beseech the Corps to maintain their supply of fresh water. Agricultural pumping stations demand more fresh water for their rice but nervily ask the Corps to keep the sediment. Morgan City needs water to get oil boats and barges to rigs offshore, but if Morgan City gets too much water it’s the end of Morgan City. Port authorities present special needs, and the owners of grain elevators, and the owners of coal elevators, barge interests, flood-control districts, levee boards. As General Sands says, finishing the list, “A guy who wants to put a new dock in has to come to us.” People suspect the Corps of favoring other people. In addition to all the things the Corps actually does and does not do, there are infinite actions it is imagined to do, infinite actions it is imagined not to do, and infinite actions it is imagined to be capable of doing, because the Corps has been conceded the almighty role of God.
The towboat enters the Atchafalaya at an unprepossessing T in a jungle of phreatophytic Trees. Atchafalaya. The “a”s are broad, the word rhymes with “jambalaya,” and the accents are on the second and fourth syllables. Among navigable rivers, the Atchafalaya is widely described as one of the most treacherous in the world, but it just lies there quiet and smooth. It lies there like a big alligator in a low slough, with time on its side, waiting—waiting to outwit the Corps of Engineers—and hunkering down ever lower in its bed and presenting a sort of maw to the Mississippi, into which the river could fall. In the pilothouse, standing behind Jorge Cano and John Dugger as they swing the ship to port and head south, I find myself remembering an exchange between Cano and Rabalais a couple of days ago, when Cano was speculating about the Atchafalaya’s chances of capturing the Mississippi someday despite all efforts to prevent it from doing so. “Mother Nature is patient,” he said. “Mother Nature has more time than we do.”
Rabalais said, “She has nothing but time.”
Frederic Chatry happens to be in the pilothouse, too, as does Fred Bayley. Both are civilians: Chatry, chief engineer of the New Orleans District; Bayley, chief engineer of the Lower Mississippi Valley Division. Chatry is short and slender, a courtly and formal man, his uniform a bow tie. He is saying that before the control structures were built water used to flow in either direction through Old River. It would flow into the Mississippi if the Red happened to be higher. This was known as a reversal, and the last reversal occurred in 1945. The enlarging Atchafalaya was by then so powerful in its draw that it took all of the Red and kept it. “The more water the Atchafalaya takes, the bigger it gets; the bigger it gets, the more water it takes. The only thing that interrupts it is Old River Control. If we had not interrupted it, the main river would now be the Atchafalaya, below this point. If you left it to its own devices, the end result had to be that it would become the master stream. If that were to happen, below Old River the Mississippi reach would be unstable. Salt would fill it in. The Corps could not cope with it. Old River to Baton Rouge would fill in. River traffic from the north would stop. Everything would go to pot in the delta. We couldn’t cope. It would be plugged.”
I ask to what extent they ever contemplate that the structures at Old River might fail.
Bayley is quick to answer—Fred Bayley, a handsome sandy-haired man in a regimental tie and a cool tan suit, with the contemplative manner of an academic and none of the defenses of a challenged engineer. “Anything can fail,” he says. “In most of our projects, we try to train natural effects instead of taking them head on. I never approach anything we do with the idea that it can’t fail. That is sticking your head in the sand.”
We are making twelve knots on a two-and-a-half-knot current under bright sun and cottony bits of cloud—flying along between the Atchafalaya levees, between the river-batcher trees. We are running down the reach above Simmesport, but only a distant bridge attests to that fact. From the river you cannot see the country. From the country you cannot see the river. I once looked down at this country from the air, in a light plane, and although it is called a floodway—this segment of it the West Atchafalaya Floodway—it is full of agriculture, in plowed geometries of brown, green, and tan. The Atchafalaya from above looks like the Connecticut winding past New Hampshire floodplain farms. If you look up, you do not see Mt. Washington. You see artificial ponds, now and again, as far as the horizon—square ponds, dotted with the cages of crawfish. You see dark-green pastureland, rail fences, cows with short fat shadows.
The unexpected happens—unthinkable, unfortunate, but not unimaginable. At first with a modest lurch, and then with a more pronounced lurch, and then with a profound structural shudder, the Mississippi is captured by the Atchafalaya. The mid-American flagship of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has run aground.
After going on line, in 1963, the control structures at Old River had to wait ten years to prove what they could do. The nineteen-fifties and nineteen-sixties were secure in the Mississippi Valley. In human terms, a generation passed with no disastrous floods. The Mississippi River and Tributaries Project—the Corps’ total repertory of defenses from Cairo, Illinois, southward—seemed to have met its design purpose: to confine and conduct the run of the river, to see it safely into the Gulf. The Corps looked upon this accomplishment with understandable pride and, without intended diminution of respect for its enemy, issued a statement of victory: “We harnessed it, straightened it, regularized it, shackled it.”
Then, in the fall of 1972, the winter of 1973, river stages were higher than normal, reducing the system’s tolerance for what might come in spring. In the upper valley, snows were unusually heavy. In the South came a season of exceptional rains. During the uneventful era that was about to end, the Mississippi’s main channel, in its relative lethargy, had given up a lot of volume to accumulations of sediment. High water, therefore, would flow that much higher. As the spring runoff came down the tributaries, collected, and approached, computers gave warning that the mainline levees were not sufficient to contain it. Eight hundred miles of frantically filled sandbags were added to the levees. Bulldozers added potato ridges—barriers of uncompacted dirt. While this was going on, more rain was falling. In the southern part of the valley, twenty inches fell in a day and a half.
At Old River Control on an ordinary day, when the stilling basin sounds like Victoria Falls but otherwise the country is calm and dry—when sandy spaces and stands of trees fill up the view between the structure and the Mississippi—an almost academic effort is required to visualize a slab of water six stories high, spread to the ends of perspective. That is how it was in 1973. During the sustained spring high water—week after week after week—the gathered drainage of Middle America came to Old River in units exceeding two million cubic feet a second. Twenty-five per cent of that left the Mississippi channel and went to the Atchafalaya. In aerial view, trees and fields were no longer visible, and the gated stronghold of the Corps seemed vulnerable in the extreme—a narrow causeway, a thin fragile line across a brown sea.
The Corps had built Old River Control to control just about as much as was passing through it. In mid-March, when the volume began to approach that amount, curiosity got the best of Raphael G. Kazmann, author of a book called “Modern Hydrology” and professor of civil engineering at Louisiana State University. Kazmann got into his car, crossed the Mississippi on the high bridge at Baton Rouge, and made his way north to Old River. He parked, got out, and began to walk the structure. An extremely low percentage of its five hundred and sixty-six feet eradicated his curiosity. “That whole miserable structure was vibrating,” he recalled in 1986, adding that he had felt as if he were standing on a platform at a small rural train station when “a fully loaded freight goes through.” Kazmann opted not to wait for the caboose. “I thought, This thing weighs two hundred thousand tons. When two hundred thousand tons vibrates like this, this is no place for R. G. Kazmann. I got into my car, turned around, and got the hell out of there. I was just a professor—and, thank God, not responsible.”
Kazmann says that the Tennessee River and the Missouri River were “the two main culprits” in the 1973 flood. In one high water and another, the big contributors vary around the watershed. An ultimate deluge might possibly involve them all. After Kazmann went home from Old River that time in 1973, he did his potamology indoors for a while, assembling daily figures. In some of the numbers he felt severe vibrations. In his words, “I watched the Ohio like a hawk, because if that had come up, I thought, Katie, bar the door!”
The water was plenty high as it was, and continuously raged through the structure. Nowhere in the Mississippi Valley were velocities greater than in this one place, where the waters made their hydraulic jump, plunging over what Kazmann describes as “concrete falls” into the regime of the Atchafalaya. The structure and its stilling basin had been configured to dissipate energy—but not nearly so much energy. The excess force was attacking the environment of the structure. A large eddy had formed. Unbeknownst to anyone, its swirling power was excavating sediments by the inflow apron of the structure. Even larger holes had formed under the apron itself. Unfortunately, the main force of the Mississippi was crashing against the south side of the inflow channel, producing unplanned turbulence. The control structure had been set up near the outside of a bend of the river, and closer to the Mississippi than many engineers thought wise.
On the outflow side—where the water fell to the level of the Atchafalaya—a hole had developed that was larger and deeper than a football stadium, and with much the same shape. It was hidden, of course, far beneath the chop of wild water. The Corps had long since been compelled to leave all eleven gates wide open, in order to reduce to the greatest extent possible the force that was shaking the structure, and so there was no alternative to aggravating the effects on the bed of the channel. In addition to the structure’s weight, what was holding it in place was a millipede of stilts—steel H-beams that reached down at various angles, as pilings, ninety feet through sands and silts, through clayey peats and organic mucks. There never was a question of anchoring such a fortress in rock. The shallowest rock was seven thousand feet straight down. In three places below the structure, sheet steel went into the substrate like fins; but the integrity of the structure depended essentially on the H-beams, and vehicular traffic continued to cross it en route to San Luis Rey.
Then, as now, LeRoy Dugas was the person whose hand controlled Old River Control—a thought that makes him smile. “We couldn’t afford to close any of the gates,” he remarked to me one day at Old River. “Too much water was passing through the structure. Water picked up riprap off the bottom in front, and rammed it through to the tail bed.” The riprap included derrick stones, and each stone weighed seven tons. On the level of the road deck, the vibrations increased. The operator of a moving crane let the crane move without him and waited for it at the end of the structure. Dugie continued, “You could get on the structure with your automobile and open the door and it would close the door.” The crisis recalled the magnitude of “the ’27 high water,” when Dugie was a baby. Up the valley somewhere, during the ’27 high water, was a railroad bridge with a train sitting on it loaded with coal. The train had been put there because its weight might help keep the bridge in place, but the bridge, vibrating in the floodwater, produced so much friction that the coal in the gondolas caught fire. Soon the bridge, the train, and the glowing coal fell into the water.
One April evening in 1973—at the height of the flood—a fisherman walked onto the structure. There is, after all, order in the universe, and some things take precedence over impending disasters. On the inflow side, facing the Mississippi, the structure was bracketed by a pair of guide walls that reached out like curving arms to bring in the water. Close by the guide wall at the south end was the swirling eddy, which by now had become a whirlpool. There was other motion as well—or so it seemed. The fisherman went to find Dugas, in his command post at the north end of the structure, and told him the guide wall had moved. Dugie told the fisherman he was seeing things. The fisherman nodded affirmatively.
When Dugie himself went to look at the guide wall, he looked at it for the last time. “It was slipping into the river, into the inflow channel.” Slowly it dipped, sank, broke. Its foundations were gone. There was nothing below it but water. Professor Kazmann likes to say that this was when the Corps became “scared green.” Whatever the engineers may have felt, as soon as the water began to recede they set about learning the dimensions of the damage. The structure was obviously undermined, but how much so, and where? What was solid, what was not? What was directly below the gates and the roadway? With a diamond drill, in a central position, they bored the first of many holes in the structure. When they had penetrated to basal levels, they lowered a television camera into the hole. They saw fish.
This was scarcely the first time that an attempt to control the Mississippi had failed. Old River, 1973, was merely the most emblematic place and moment where, in the course of three centuries, failure had occurred. From the beginnings of settlement, failure was the par expectation with respect to the river—a fact generally masked by the powerful fabric of ambition that impelled people to build towns and cities where almost any camper would be loath to pitch a tent.
If you travel by canoe through the river swamps of Louisiana, you may very well grow uneasy as the sun is going down. You look around for a site—a place to sleep, a place to cook. There is no terra firma. Nothing is solider than duckweed, resting on the water like green burlap. Quietly, you slide through the forest, breaking out now and again into acreages of open lake. You study the dusk for some dark cap of uncovered ground. Seeing one at last, you occupy it, limited though it may be. Your tent site may be smaller than your tent, but in this amphibious milieu you have found yourself terrain. You have established yourself in much the same manner that the French established New Orleans. So what does it matter if your leg spends the night in the water.
The water is from the state of New York, the state of Idaho, the province of Alberta, and everywhere below that frame. Far above Old River are places where the floodplain is more than a hundred miles wide. Spaniards in the sixteenth century came upon it at the wrong time, saw an ocean moving south, and may have been discouraged. Where the delta began, at Old River, the water spread out even more—through a palimpsest of bayous and distributary streams in forested paludal basins—but this did not dissuade the French. For military and commercial purposes, they wanted a city in such country. They laid it out in 1718, only months before a great flood. Even as New Orleans was rising, its foundations filled with water. The message in the landscape could not have been more clear: like the aboriginal people, you could fish and forage and move on, but you could not build there—you could not create a city, or even a cluster of modest steadings—without declaring war on nature. You did not have to be Dutch to understand this, or French to ignore it. The people of southern Louisiana have often been compared unfavorably with farmers of the pre-Aswan Nile, who lived on high ground, farmed low ground, and permitted floods to come and go according to the rhythms of nature. There were differences in Louisiana, though. There was no high ground worth mentioning, and planters had to live on their plantations. The waters of the Nile were warm; the Mississippi brought cold northern floods that sometimes stood for months, defeating agriculture for the year. If people were to farm successfully in the rich loams of the natural levees—or anywhere nearby—they could not allow the Mississippi to continue in its natural state. Herbert Kassner, the division’s public-relations director, once remarked to me, “This river used to meander all over its floodplain. People would move their tepees, and that was that. You can’t move Vicksburg.”
When rivers go over their banks, the spreading water immediately slows up, dropping the heavier sediments. The finer the silt, the farther it is scattered, but so much falls close to the river that natural levees rise through time. The first houses of New Orleans were built on the natural levees, overlooking the river. In the face of disaster, there was no better place to go. If there was to be a New Orleans, the levees themselves would have to be raised, and the owners of the houses were ordered to do the raising. This law (1724) was about as effective as the ordinances that compel homeowners and shopkeepers in the North to shovel snow off their sidewalks. Odd as it seems now, those early levees were only three feet high, and they were rife with imperfections. To the extent that they were effective at all, they owed a great deal to the country across the river, where there were no artificial levees, and waters that went over the bank flowed to the horizon. In 1727, the French colonial governor declared the New Orleans levee complete, adding that within a year it would be extended a number of miles up and down the river, making the community floodproof. The governor’s name was Perrier. If words could stop water, Perrier had found them—initiating a durable genre.
In 1735, New Orleans went under—and again in 1785. The intervals—like those between earthquakes in San Francisco—were generally long enough to allow the people to build up a false sense of security. In response to the major floods, they extended and raised the levees. A levee appeared across the river from New Orleans, and by 1812 the west bank was leveed to the vicinity of Old River, a couple of hundred miles upstream. At that time, the east bank was leveed as far as Baton Rouge. Neither of the levees was continuous. Both protected plantation land. Where the country remained as the Choctaws had known it, floodwaters poured to the side, reducing the threat elsewhere. Land was not cheap—forty acres cost three thousand dollars—but so great was the demand for riverfront plantations that by 1828 the levees in southern Louisiana were continuous, the river artificially confined. Just in case the levees should fail, some plantation houses—among their fields of sugarcane, their long bright rows of oranges—were built on Indian burial mounds. In 1828, Bayou Manchac was closed. In the whole of the Mississippi’s delta plain, Bayou Manchac happened to have been the only distributary that went east. It was dammed at the source. Its discharge would no longer ease the pressures of the master stream.
By this time, Henry Shreve had appeared on the scene—in various ways to change it forever. He was the consummate riverman: boatman, pilot, entrepreneur, empirical naval architect. He is noted as the creator of the flat-hulled layer-cake stern-wheel Mississippi steamboat, its shallow draft result of moving the machinery up from below to occupy its own deck. The Mississippi steamboat was not invented, however. It evolved. And Shreve’s contribution was less in its configuration than its power. A steamboat built and piloted by Henry Shreve travelled north against the current as far as Louisville. He demonstrated that commerce could go both ways. Navigation was inconvenienced, though, by hazards in the river—the worst of which were huge trees that had drifted south over the years and become stuck in various ways. One kind was rigid in the riverbed and stood up like a spear. It was called a planter. Another, known as a sawyer sawed up and down with the vagaries of the current, and was likely to rise suddenly in the path of a boat and destroy it. In the Yukon River, such logs—eternally bowing—are known as preachers. In the Mississippi, whatever the arrested logs were called individually, they were all “snags,” and after the Army engineers had made Shreve, a civilian, their Superintendent of Western River Improvements he went around like a dentist yanking snags. The multihulled snag boats were devices of his invention. In the Red River, he undertook to disassemble a “raft”—uprooted trees by the tens of thousands that were stopping navigation for a hundred and sixty miles. Shreve cleared eighty miles in one year. Meanwhile, at 31 degrees north latitude (about halfway between Vicksburg and Baton Rouge) he made a bold move on the Mississippi. In the sinusoidal path of the river, any meander tended to grow until its loop was so large it would cut itself off. At 31 degrees north latitude was a west-bending loop that was eighteen miles around and had so nearly doubled back upon itself that Shreve decided to help it out. He adapted one of his snag boats as a dredge, and after two weeks of digging across the narrow neck he had a good swift current flowing. The Mississippi quickly took over. The width of Shreve’s new channel doubled in two days. A few days more and it had become the main channel of the river.
The great loop at 31 degrees north happened to he where the Red-Atchafalaya conjoined the Mississippi, like a pair of parentheses back to back. Steamboats had had difficulty there in the colliding waters. Shreve’s purpose in cutting off the loop was to give the boats a smoother shorter way to go, and, as an incidental, to speed up the Mississippi, lowering, however slightly, its crests in flood. One effect of the cutoff was to increase the flow of water out of the Mississippi and into the Atchafalaya, advancing the date of ultimate capture. Where the flow departed from the Mississippi now, it followed an arm of the cutoff meander. This short body of water soon became known as Old River. In less than a fortnight, it had been removed as a segment of the main-stem Mississippi and restyled as a form of surgical drain.
In city and country, riverfront owners became sensitive about the fact that the levees they were obliged to build were protecting not only their properties but also the properties behind them. Levee districts were established—administered by levee boards—to spread the cost. The more the levees confined the river, the more destructive it became when they failed. A place where water broke through was known as a crevasse—a source of terror no less effective than a bursting dam—and the big ones were memorialized, like other great disasters, in a series of proper names: the Macarty Crevasse (1816), the Sauvé Crevasse (1849). Levee inspectors were given power to call out male slaves—aged fifteen to sixty—whose owners lived within seven miles of trouble. With the approach of mid-century, the levees were averaging six feet—twice their original height—and calculations indicated that the flow line would rise. Most levee districts were not populous enough to cover the multiplying costs, so the United States Congress, in 1850, wrote the swamp and Overflow Land Act. It is possible that no friend of Peter had ever been so generous in handing over his money to Paul. The federal government deeded millions of acres of swampland to states along the river, and the states sold the acreage to pay for the levees. The Swamp Act gave eight and a half million acres of river swamps and marshes to Louisiana alone. Other states, in aggregate, got twenty million more. Since time immemorial, these river swamps had been the natural reservoirs where floodwaters were taken in and held, and gradually released as the flood went down. Where there was timber (including virgin cypress), the swampland was sold for seventy-five cents an acre, twelve and a half cents where there were no trees. The new owners were for the most part absentee. An absentee was a Yankee. The new owners drained much of the swampland, turned it into farmland, and demanded the protection of new and larger levees. At this point, Congress might have asked itself which was the act and which was the swamp.
River stages, in their wide variations, became generally higher through time, as the water was presented with fewer outlets. People began to wonder if the levees could ever be high enough and strong enough to make the river safe. Possibly a system of dams and reservoirs in the tributaries of the upper valley could hold water back and release it in the drier months, and possibly a system of spillways and floodways could be fashioned in the lower valley to distribute water when big floods arrived. Beginning in the eighteen-fifties, these notions were the subject of virulent debate among civilian and military engineers. Four major floods in ten years and thirty-two disastrous crevasses in a single spring were not enough to suggest to the Corps that levees alone might never be equal to the job. The Corps, as things stood, was not yet in charge. District by district, state by state, the levee system was still a patchwork effort. There was no high command in the fight against the water. In one of the Corps’ official histories, the situation is expressed in this rather preoccupied sentence: “By 1860, it had become increasingly obvious that a successful war over such an immense battleground could be waged only by a consolidated army under one authority.” While the Civil War came and went, the posture of the river did not change. Vicksburg fell but did not move. In the floods of 1862, 1866, and 1867, levees failed. Catastrophes notwithstanding, Bayou Plaquemine—a major distributary of the Mississippi and a natural escape for large percentages of spring high water—was closed in 1868, its junction with the Mississippi sealed by an earthen dam. Even at normal stages, the Mississippi was beginning to stand up like a large vein on the back of a hand. The river of the eighteen-seventies ran higher than it ever had before.
In 1879, Congress at last created the Mississippi River Commission, which included civilians but granted hegemony to the Corps. The president of the commission would always be an Army engineer, and all decisions were subject to veto by the commandant of the Corps. Imperiously, Congress ordered the commission to “prevent destructive floods,” and left it to the Corps to say how. The Corps remained committed to the argument that tributary dams and reservoirs and downstream spillways would create more problems than they would solve. “Hold by levees” was the way to do the job.
The national importance of the commission is perhaps illuminated by the fact that one of its first civilian members was Benjamin Harrison. Another was James B. Eads, probably the most brilliant engineer who has ever addressed his attention to the Mississippi River. As a young man, he had walked around on its bottom under a device of his own invention that he called a submarine. As a naval architect in the Civil War, he had designed the first American ironclads. Later, at St. Louis, he had built the first permanent bridge across the main stem of the river south of the Missouri. More recently, in defiance of the cumulative wisdom of nearly everyone in his profession, he had solved a primal question in anadromous navigation: how to get into the river. The mouth was defended by a mud-lump blockade—impenetrable masses of sediment dumped by the river as it reached the still waters of the Gulf. Dredging was hopeless. What would make a channel deep enough for ships? The government wouldn’t finance him, so Eads bet his own considerable fortune on an elegant idea: he built parallel jetties in the river’s mouth. They pinched the currents. The accelerated water dug out and maintained a navigable channel.
To the Corps’ belief that a river confined by levees would similarly look after itself the success of the jetties gave considerable reinforcement. And Eads added words that spoke louder than his actions. “If the profession of an engineer were not based upon exact science,” he said, “I might tremble for the result, in view of the immensely of the interests dependent on my success. But every atom that moves onward in the river, from the moment it leaves its home among the crystal springs or mountain snows, throughout the fifteen hundred leagues of its devious pathway, until it is finally lost in the vast waters of the Gulf, is controlled by laws as fixed and certain as those which direct the majestic march of the heavenly spheres. Every phenomenon and apparent eccentricity of the river—its scouring and depositing action, its caving banks, the formation of the bars at its mouth, the effect of the waves and tides of the sea upon its currents and deposits—is controlled by law as immutable as the Creator, and the engineer need only to be insured that he does not ignore the existence of any of these laws, to feel positively certain of the results he aims at.”
When the commission was created, Mark Twain was forty-three. A book he happened to be working on was “Life on the Mississippi.” Through a character called Uncle Mumford, he remarked that “four years at West Point, and plenty of books and schooling, will learn a man a good deal, I reckon, but it won’t learn him the river.” Twain also wrote, “One who knows the Mississippi will promptly aver—not aloud but to himself—that ten thousand River Commissions, with the mines of the world at their back, cannot tame that lawless stream, cannot curb it or confine it, cannot say to it, ‘Go here,’ or ‘Go there,’ and make it obey; cannot save a shore which it has sentenced; cannot bar its path with an obstruction which it will not tear down, dance over, and laugh at. But a discreet man will not put these things into spoken words; for the West Point engineers have not their superiors anywhere; they know all that can be known of their abstruse science; and so, since they conceive that they can fetter and handcuff that river and boss him, it is but wisdom for the unscientific man to keep still, lie low, and wait till they do it. Captain Eads, with his jetties, has done a work at the mouth of the Mississippi which seemed clearly impossible; so we do not feel full confidence now to prophesy against like impossibilities. Otherwise one would pipe out and say the Commission might as well bully the comets in their courses and undertake to make them behave, as try to bully the Mississippi into right and reasonable conduct.”
In 1882 came the most destructive flood of the nineteenth century. After breaking the levees in two hundred and eighty-four crevasses, the water spread out as much as seventy miles. In the fertile lands on the two sides of Old River, plantations were deeply submerged, and livestock survived in flatboats. A floating journalist who reported these scenes in the March 29th New Orleans Times-Democrat said, “The current running down the Atchafalaya was very swift, the Mississippi showing a predilection in that direction, which needs only to be seen to enforce the opinion of that river’s desperate endeavors to find a short way to the Gulf.” The capture of the Mississippi, in other words, was already obvious enough to be noticed by a journalist. Seventy-eight years earlier—just after the Louisiana Purchase—the Army officer who went to take possession of the new country observed the Atchafalaya “completely obstructed by logs and other material” and said in his report, “Were it not for these obstructions, the probability is that the Mississippi would soon find a much nearer way to the Gulf than at present, particularly as it manifests a constant inclination to vary its course.” The head of the Atchafalaya was plugged with logs for thirty miles. The raft was so compact that El Camino Real, the Spanish trail coming in from Texas, crossed the Atchafalaya near its head, and cattle being driven toward the Mississippi walked across the logs. The logjam was Old River Control Structure No. O. Gradually, it was disassembled, freeing the Atchafalaya to lower its plain. Snag boats worked on it, and an attempt was made to clear it with fire. The flood of 1863 apparently broke it open, and at once the Atchafalaya began to widen and deepen, increasing its draw on the Mississippi. Shreve’s clearing of the Red River had also increased the flow of the Atchafalaya. The interventional skill of human engineers, which would be called upon in the twentieth century to stop the great shift at Old River, did much in the nineteenth to hurry it up.
For forty-eight years, the Mississippi River Commission and the Corps of Engineers adhered strictly to the “hold by levees” policy—levees, and levees only. It was important that no water be allowed to escape the river, because its full power would be most effective in scouring the bed, deepening the channel, increasing velocity, lowering stages, and preventing destructive floods. This was the hydraulic and hydrological philosophy not only of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers but also of the great seventeenth-century savant Domenico Guglielmini, whose insights, ultimately, were to prove so ineffective in the valley of the Po. In 1885, one of General Sands’ predecessors said, “The commission is distinctly committed to the idea of closing all outlets. . . .It has consistently opposed the fallacy known as the ‘Outlet System.’ ”
Slaves with wheelbarrows started the levees. Immigrants with wheelbarrows replaced the slaves. Mule-drawn scrapers replaced the wheelbarrows, but not until the twentieth century. Fifteen hundred miles of earthen walls—roughly six, then nine, then twelve feet high, and a hundred feet from side to side—were built by men with shovels. They wove huge mats of willow poles and laid them down in cutbanks as revetments. When floods came, they went out to defend their defenses, and, in the words of a Corps publication, the effort was comparable to “the rigors of the battlefield.” Nature was not always the only enemy. Anywhere along the river, people were safer if the levee failed across the way. If you lived on the east side, you might not be sad if water flooded west. You were also safer if the levee broke on your own side downstream. Armed patrols went up and down the levees. They watched for sand boils—signs of seepage that could open a crevasse from within. And they watched for Private commandos, landing in the dark with dynamite.
Bayou Lafourche, a major distributary, was dammed in 1904. In something like twenty years, the increased confinement of the river had elevated floodwaters in Memphis by an average of about eight feet. The Corps remained loyal to the teachings of Guglielmini, and pronouncements were still forthcoming that the river was at last under control and destructive floods would not occur again. Declarations of that sort had been made in the quiet times before the great floods of 1884, 1890, 1891, 1897, 1898, and 1903, and they would be made again before 1912, 1913, 1922, and 1927.
The ’27 high water tore the valley apart. On both sides of the river, levees crevassed from Cairo to the Gulf, and in the same thousand miles the flood destroyed every bridge. It killed hundreds of people, thousands of animals. Overbank, it covered twenty-six thousand square miles. It stayed on the land as much as three months. New Orleans was saved by blowing up a levee downstream. Yet the total volume of the 1927 high water was nowhere near a record. It was not a hundred-year flood. It was a form of explosion, achieved by the confining levees.
The levees of the nineteen-twenties were about six times as high as their earliest predecessors, but really no more effective. In a sense, they had been an empirical experiment—in aggregate, fifteen hundred miles of trial and error. They could be—and they would be—raised even higher. But in 1927 the results of the experiment at last came clear. The levees were helping to aggravate the problem they were meant to solve. With walls alone, one could only build an absurdly elevated aqueduct. Resistance times the resistance distance amplified the force of nature. Every phenomenon and apparent eccentricity of the river might be subject to laws as fixed and certain as those which direct the majestic march of the heavenly spheres, but, if so, the laws were inexactly understood. The Corps had attacked Antaeus without quite knowing who he was.
Congress appropriated three hundred million dollars to find out. This was more money in one bill—the hopefully titled Flood Control Act (1928)—than had been spent on Mississippi levees in all of Colonial and American history. These were the start-up funds for the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project, the coordinated defenses that would still be incomplete in the nineteen-eighties and would ultimately cost about seven billion dollars. The project would raise levees and build new ones, pave cutbanks, sever loops to align the current, and hold back large volumes of water with substantial dams in tributary streams. Dredges known as dustpans would take up sediment by the millions of tons. Stone dikes would appear in strategic places, forcing the water to go around them, preventing the channel from spreading out. Most significantly, though, the project would acknowledge the superiority of the force with which it was meant to deal. It would give back to the river some measure of the freedom lost as the delta’s distributaries one by one were sealed. It would go into the levees in certain places and build gates that could be opened in times of extraordinary flood. The water coming out of such spillways would enter new systems of levees guiding it down floodways to the Gulf. But how many spillways? How many floodways? How many tributary dams? Calculating maximum storms, frequency of storms, maximum snowmelts, sustained saturation of the upper valley, coincident storms in scattered parts of the watershed, the Corps reached for the figure that would float Noah. The round number was three million—that is, three million cubic feet per second coming past Old River. This was twenty-five per cent above the 1927 high. The expanded control system, with its variety of devices, would have to be designed to process that. Various names were given to this blue-moon superflow, this concatenation of recorded moments written in the future unknown. It was called the Design Flood. Alternatively, it was called the Project Flood.
Bonnet Carre was the first spillway—completed in 1931, roughly thirty miles upriver from New Orleans. The water was meant to spill into Lake Pontchartrain and go on into the Gulf, dispersing eight and a half per cent of the Project Flood. Bonnet Carre (locally pronounced “Bonny Carey”) would replace dynamite in the defense of New Orleans. When the great crest of 1937 came down the river—setting an all-time record at Natchez—enough of the new improvements were in place to see it through in relative safety, with the final and supreme test presented at Bonnet Carre, where the gates were opened for the first time. At the high point, more than two hundred thousand feet per second were diverted into Lake Pontchartrain, and the flow that went on by New Orleans left the city low and dry.
For the Corps of Engineers, not to mention the people of the southern parishes, the triumph of 1937 brought fresh courage, renewed confidence—a sense once again that the river could be controlled. Major General Harley B. Ferguson, the division commander, became a regional military hero. It was he who had advocated the project’s many cutoffs, all made in the decade since 1927, which shortened the river by more than a hundred miles, reducing the amount of friction working against the water. The more distance, the more friction. Friction slows the river and raises its level. The mainline levees were rebuilt, extended, reinforced—and their height was almost doubled, reaching thirty feet. There was now a Great Wall of China running up each side of the river, with the difference that while the levees were each about as long as the Great Wall they were in many places higher and in cross-section ten times as large. Work continued on the floodways. There was one in Missouri that let water out of the river and put it back into the river a few miles downstream. But the principal conduit of release—without which Bonnet Carre would be about as useful as a bailing can—was the route of the Atchafalaya. Since the lower part of it was the largest river swamp in North America, it was, by nature, ready for the storage of water. The Corps built guide levees about seventeen miles apart to shape the discharge toward Atchafalaya Bay, incidentally establishing a framework for the swamp. In the northern Atchafalaya, near Old River, they built a three-chambered system of floodways involving so many intersecting levees that the country soon resembled a cranberry farm developed on an epic scale. The West Atchafalaya Floodway had so many people in it, and so many soybeans, that its levees were to be breached only by explosives in extreme emergency—maybe once in a hundred years. The Morganza Floodway, completed in the nineteen-fifties, contained farmlands but no permanent buildings. A couple of towns and the odd refinery were surrounded by levees in the form of rings. But the plane geometry of the floodways was primarily intended to take the water from the Mississippi and get it to the swamp.
The flood-control design of 1928 had left Old River open—the only distributary of the Mississippi to continue in its natural state. The Army was aware of the threat from the Atchafalaya. Colonel Charles Potter, president of the Mississippi River Commission, told Congress in 1928 that the Mississippi was “just itching to go that way.” In the new master plan, however, nothing resulted from his testimony. The Corps, in making its flow diagrams, planned that the Atchafalaya would take nearly half the Mississippi during the Design Flood. It was not in the design that the Atchafalaya take it all.
The Atchafalaya, continuing to grow, had become, by volume of discharge, the second-largest river in the United States. Compared with the Mississippi, it had a three-to-one advantage in slope. Around 1950, geologists predicted that by 1975 the shift would be unstoppable. The Mississippi River and Tributaries Project would be in large part invalidated, the entire levee system of southern Louisiana would have to be rebuilt, communities like Morgan City in the Atchafalaya Basin would be a good deal less preserved than Pompeii, and the new mouth of the Mississippi would be a hundred and twenty miles from the old. Old River Control was authorized in 1954.
The levees were raised again. What had been adequate in 1937 was problematical in the nineteen-fifties. New grades were set. New dollars were spent to meet the grades. So often compared with the Great Wall of China, the levees had more in common with the Maginot Line. Taken together, they were a retroactive redoubt, more than adequate to wage a bygone war but below the requirements of the war to come. The levee grades of the nineteen-fifties would prove inadequate in the nineteen-seventies. Every shopping center, every drainage improvement, every square foot of new pavement in nearly half the United States was accelerating runoff toward Louisiana. Streams were being channelized to drain swamps. Meanders were cut off to speed up flow. The valley’s natural storage capacities were everywhere reduced. As contributing factors grew, the river delivered more flood for less rain. The precipitation that produced the great flood of 1973 was only about twenty per cent above normal. Yet the crest at St. Louis was the highest ever recorded there. The flood proved that control of the Mississippi was as much a hope for the future as control of the Mississippi had ever been. The 1973 high water did not come close to being a Project Flood. It merely came close to wiping out the project.
While the control structure at Old River was shaking, more than a third of the Mississippi was going down the Atchafalaya. If the structure had toppled, the flow would have risen to seventy per cent. It was enough to scare not only a Louisiana State University professor but the division commander himself. At the time, this was Major General Charles Noble. He walked the bridge, looked down into the exploding water, and later wrote these words: “The south training wall on the Mississippi River side of the structure failed very early in the flood, causing violent eddy patterns and extreme turbulence. The toppled training wall monoliths worsened the situation. The integrity of the structure at this point was greatly in doubt. It was frightening to stand above the gate bays and experience the punishing vibrations caused by the violently turbulent, massive flood waters.”
If the General had known what was below him, he might have sounded retreat. The Old River Control Structure—this two-hundred-thousand-ton keystone of the comprehensive flood-protection project for the lower Mississippi Valley—was teetering on steel pilings above extensive cavities full of water. The gates of the Morganza Floodway, thirty miles downstream, had never been opened. The soybean farmers of Morganza were begging the Corps not to open them now. The Corps thought it over for a few days while the Old River Control Structure, absorbing shock of the sort that could bring down a skyscraper, continued to shake. Relieving some of the pressure, the Corps opened Morganza.
The damage at Old River was increased but not initiated by the 1973 flood. The invasive scouring of the channel bed and the undermining of the control structure may actually have begun in 1963, as soon as the structure opened. In years that followed, loose barges now and again slammed against the gates, stuck there for months, blocked the flow, enhanced the hydraulic jump, and no doubt contributed to the scouring. Scour holes formed on both sides of the control structure, and expanded steadily. If they had met in 1973, they might have brought the structure down.
After the waters quieted and the concrete had been penetrated by exploratory diamond drills, Old River Control at once became, and has since remained, the civil-works project of highest national priority for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Through the surface of Louisiana 15, the road that traverses the structure, more holes were drilled, with diameters the size of dinner plates, and grout was inserted in the cavities below, like fillings in a row of molars. The grout was cement and bentonite. The drilling and filling went on for months. There was no alternative to leaving gates open and giving up control. Stress on the structure was lowest with the gates open. Turbulence in the channel was commensurately higher. The greater turbulence allowed the water on the Atchafalaya side to dig deeper and increase its advantage over the Mississippi side. As the Corps has reported, “The percentage of Mississippi River flow being diverted through the structure in the absence of control was steadily increasing.” That could not be helped.
After three and a half years, control was to some extent restored, but the extent was limited. In the words of the Corps, “The partial foundation undermining which occurred in 1973 inflicted permanent damage to the foundation of the low sill control structure. Emergency foundation repair, in the form of rock riprap and cement grout, was performed to safeguard the structure from a potential total failure. The foundation under approximately fifty per cent of the structure was drastically and irrevocably changed.” The structure had been built to function with a maximum difference of thirty-seven feet between the Mississippi and Atchafalaya sides. That maximum now had to be lowered to twenty-two feet—a diminution that brought forth the humor in the phrase “Old River Control.” Robert Fairless, a New Orleans District engineer who has long been a part of the Old River story, once told me that “things were touch and go for some months in 1973” and the situation was precarious still. “At a head greater than twenty-two feet, there’s danger of losing the whole thing,” he said. “If loose barges were to be pulled into the front of the structure where they would block the flow, the head would build up, and there’d be nothing we could do about it.”
A sign appeared on one of the three remaining wing walls: “Fishing and Shad Dipping off This Wing Wall Is Prohibited.”
A survey boat, Navy-gray and very powerful and much resembling PT-109, began to make runs toward the sill upstream through the roiling brown rapids. Year after year—at least five times a week—this has continued. The survey boat drives itself to a standstill in the whaleback waves a few yards shy of the structure. Two men in life vests, who stand on the swaying deck in spray that curls like smoke, let go a fifty-pound ball that drops on a cable from a big stainless reel. The ball sinks to the bottom. The crewmen note the depth. They are not looking for mark twain. For example, in 1974 they found three holes so deep that it took a hundred and eighty-five thousand tons of rock to fill them in.
The 1973 flood shook the control structure a whole lot more than it shook the confidence of the Corps. When a legislative committee seemed worried, a Corps general reassured them, saying, “The Corps of Engineers can make the Mississippi River go anywhere the Corps directs it to go.” On display in division headquarters in Vicksburg is a large aerial photograph of a school bus moving along a dry road beside a levee while a Galilee on the other side laps at the levee crown. This picture alone is a triumph for the Corps. Herbert Kassner, the public-relations director and a master of his craft, says of the picture, “Of course, I tell people the school bus may have been loaded with workers going to fix a break in the levee, but it looks good.” And of course, after 1973, the flow lines were recomputed and the levees had to be raised. When the river would pool against the stratosphere was only a question of time.
The Washington Post, in an editorial in November of 1980, called attention to the Corps’ efforts to prevent the great shift at Old River, and concluded with this paragraph:
Who will win as this slow-motion confrontation between humankind and nature goes on? No one really knows. But after watching Mt. St. Helens and listening to the guesses about its performance, if we had to bet, we would bet on the river.
The Corps had already seen that bet, and was about to bump it, too. Even before the muds were dry from the 1973 flood, Corps engineers had begun building a model of Old River at their Waterways Experiment Station, in Vicksburg. The model was to cover an acre and a half. A model of that size was modest for the Corps. Not far away, it had a fifteen-acre model of the Mississippi drainage, where water flowing in from the dendritic tips could get itself together and attack Louisiana. The scale was one human stride to the mile. In the time it took to say “one Mississippi,” if fourteen gallons went past Arkansas City that was a Project Flood. Something like eight and a half gallon was “a high-water event.” “It’s the ultimate sandbox—these guys have made a profession of the sandbox,” Tulane’s Oliver Houck has said, with concealed admiration. “They’ve put the whole river in a sandbox.” The Old River model not only helped with repairs, it also showed a need for supplementary fortification. Since the first control structure was irreparably damaged, a second one, nearby, with its own inflow channel from the Mississippi, should establish full control at Old River and take pressure off the original structure in times of high stress.
To refine the engineering of the auxiliary structure, several additional models, with movable beds, were built on a distorted scale. Making the vertical scale larger than the horizontal was believed to eliminate surface-tension problems in simulating the turbulence of a real river. The channel beds were covered with crushed coal—which has half the specific gravity of sand—or with walnut shells, which were thought to be better replicas of channel-protecting rock but had an unfortunate tendency to decay, releasing gas bubbles. In one model, the stilling basin below the new structure was filled with driveway-size limestone gravel, each piece meant to represent a derrick stone six feet thick. After enough water had churned through these models to satisfy the designers, ground was broken at Old River, about a third of a mile from the crippled sill, for the Old River Control Auxiliary Structure, the most advanced weapon ever developed to prevent the capture of a river—a handsome gift to the American Ruhr, worth three hundred million dollars. In Vicksburg, Robert Fletcher—a sturdily built, footballish sort of engineer, who had explained to me about the nutshells, the coal, and the gravel—said of the new structure, “I hope it works.”
The Old River Control Auxiliary Structure is a rank of seven towers, each buff with a white crown. They are vertical on the upstream side, and they slope toward the Atchafalaya. Therefore, they resemble flying buttresses facing the Mississippi. The towers are separated by six arciform gates, convex to the Mississippi, and hinged in trunnion blocks secured with steel to carom the force of the river into the core of the structure. Lifted by cables, these tainter gates, as they are called, are about as light and graceful as anything could be that has a composite weight of twenty-six hundred tons. Each of them is sixty-two feet wide. They are the strongest the Corps has ever designed and built. A work of engineering such as a Maillart bridge or a bridge by Christian Menn can outdo some other works of art, because it is not only a gift to the imagination but also structural in the matrix of the world. The auxiliary structure at Old River contains too many working components to be classed with such a bridge, but in grandeur and in profile it would not shame a pharaoh.
The origin Old River Control project, going on line in 1963, cost eighty-six million dollars. The works of repair and supplement have extended the full cost of the battle to five hundred million. The disproportion in these figures does, of course, reflect inflation, but to a much greater extent it reflects the price of lessons learned. It reflects the fact that no one is stretching words who says that in 1973 the control structure failed. The new one is not only bigger and better and more costly; also, no doubt, there are redundancies in its engineering in memory of ’73.
In 1983 came the third-greatest flood of the twentieth century—a narrow but decisive victory for the Corps. The Old River Control Auxiliary Structure was nothing much by then but a foundation that had recently been poured in dry ground. The grout in the old structure kept Old River stuck together. Across the Mississippi, a few miles downstream, the water rose to a threatening level at Louisiana’s maximum-security prison. The prison was protected not only by the mainline levee but also by a ring levee of its own. Nonetheless, as things appeared for a while the water was going to pour into the prison. The state would have to move the prisoners, taking them in buses out into the road system, risking Lord knows what. The state went on its knees before the Corps: Do something. The Corps evaluated the situation and decided to bet the rehabilitation of the control structure against the rehabilitation of the prisoners. By letting more water through the control structure, the Corps caused the water at the prison to go down.
Viewed from five or six thousand feet in the air, the structures at Old River inspire less confidence than they do up close. They seem temporary, fragile, vastly outmatched by the natural world—a lesion in the side of the Mississippi butterflied with surgical tape. Under construction nearby is a large hydropower plant that will take advantage of the head between the two rivers and light the city of Vidalia. The channel cut to serve it raises to three the number of artificial outlets opened locally in the side of the Mississippi River, making Old River a complex of canals and artificial islands, and giving it the appearance of a marina. The Corps is officially confident that all this will stay in place, and supports its claim with a good deal more than walnuts. The amount of limestone that has been imported from Kentucky is enough to confuse a geologist. As Fred Chatry once said, “The Corps of Engineers is convinced that the Mississippi River can be convinced to remain where it is.”
I once asked Fred Smith, a geologist who works for the Corps at New Orleans District Headquarters, if he thought Old River Control would eventually be overwhelmed. He said, “Capture doesn’t have to happen at the control structures. It could happen somewhere else. The river is close to it a little to the north. That whole area is suspect. The Mississippi wants to go west. Nineteen-seventy-three was a forty-year flood. The big one lies out there somewhere—when the structures can’t release all the floodwaters and the levee is going to have to give way. That is when the river’s going to jump its banks and try to break through.”
Geologists in general have declared the capture inevitable, but, of course, they would. They know that in 1852 the Yellow River shifted its course away from the Yellow Sea, establishing a new mouth four hundred miles from the old. They know the story of catastrophic shifts by the Mekong, the Indus, the Po, the Volga, the Tigris and the Euphrates. The Rosetta branch of the Nile was the main stem of the river three thousand years ago.
Raphael Kazmann, the hydrologic engineer, who is now emeritus at Louisiana State, sat me down in his study in Baton Rouge, instructed me to turn on a tape recorder, and, with reference to Old River Control, said, “I have no fight with the Corps of Engineers. I may be a critic, but I’m not mad at anybody. It’s a good design. Don’t get me wrong. These guys are the best. If it doesn’t work for them, nobody can do it.”
A tape recorder was not a necessity for gathering the impression that nobody could do it. “More and more energy is being dissipated there,” Kazmann said. “Floods are more frequent. There will be a bigger and bigger differential head as time goes on. It almost went out in ’73. Sooner or later, it will be undermined or bypassed—give way. I have a lot of respect for Mother . . . for this alluvial river of ours. I don’t want to be around here when it happens.”
The Corps would say he won’t be.
“Nobody knows where the hundred-year flood is,” Kazmann continued. “Perspective should be a minimum of a hundred years. This is an extremely complicated river system altered by works of man. A fifty-year prediction is not reliable. The data have lost their pristine character. It’s a mixture of hydrologic events and human events. Floods across the century are getting higher, low stages lower. The Corps of Engineers—they’re scared as hell. They don’t know what’s going to happen. This is planned chaos. The more planning they do, the more chaotic it is. Nobody knows exactly where it’s going to end.”
The towboat Mississippi has hit the point of a sandbar. The depth finder shows thirty-eight feet—indicating that there are five fathoms of water between the bottom of the hull and the bed of the river. The depth finder is on the port side of the ship, however, and the sandbar to starboard, only a few feet down. Thus the towboat has come to its convulsive stop, breaking the stride of two major generals and bringing state officials and levee boards out to the rail. General Sands, the division commander, has a look on his face which suggests that Hopkins has just scored on Army but Army will win the game. There is some running around, some eye-bugging, some breaths drawn shallower even than the sandbar—but not here in the pilothouse. John Dugger, the pilot, and Jorge Cano, the local contact pilot, reveal on their faces not the least touch of dismay, or even surprise, whatever they may feel. They behave as if it were absolutely routine to be aiming downstream in midcurrent at zero knots. In a sense, that is true, for this is not some minor navigational challenge, like shooting rapids in an aircraft carrier. This is the Atchafalaya River.
A poker player might get out of an analogous situation by reaching toward a sleeve. A basketball player would reverse pivot—shielding the ball, whirling the body in a complete circle to leave the defender flat as a sandbar. John Dugger seems to be both. He has cut the engines, and now—looking interested, and nothing else—he lets the current take the stern and swing it wide. The big boat spins, reverse pivots, comes off the bar, and leaves it behind.
Conversations resume—in the lounge, on the outer decks, in the pilothouse—and inevitably many of them touch on the subject of controls at Old River. General Sands is saying, “Between 1950 and 1973, there was intensification of land use in the lower Mississippi—a whole generation grew up thinking you could grow soybeans here and never get wet. Since ’73, Mother Nature has been trying to catch up. There have been seven high-water events since 1973. Now the auxiliary structure gives these folks all the assurance they need that Old River can continue to operate.”
I ask if anyone agrees that the Atchafalaya could capture the Mississippi near the control structures and not through them.
General Sands replies, “I don’t know that I’m personally smart enough to answer that, but I’d say no.”
Lieutenant Colonel Ed Willis asks C. J. Nettles, chief of operations for the New Orleans District, if he thinks the auxiliary structure will do the job.
Nettles says, “The jury is out on that one,” and adds that he is not as confident about it as others are.
At Old River a couple of days ago, near the new structure, Nettles and LeRoy Dugas were looking over a scene full of cargo barges, labor barges, crawling bulldozers, hundreds of yards of articulated concrete mattress revetments recently sunk into place, and millions of tons of new limestone riprap. Nettles asked Dugie how long he thought the new armor would last.
Dugie said, “Two high waters.”
General Sands advanced a question: “Had man not settled in southern Louisiana, what would it be like today? Under nature’s scenario, what would it be like?” And, not waiting for an answer, he supplies one himself: “If only nature were here, people—except for some hunters and fishermen—couldn’t exist here.”
Under nature’s scenario, with many distributaries spreading the floodwaters left and right across the big deltaic plain, visually the whole region would be covered—with fresh sediments as well as water. In an average year, some two hundred million tons of sediment are in transport in the river. This is where the foreland Rockies go, the western Appalachians. Southern Louisiana is a very large lump of mountain butter, eight miles thick where it rests upon the continental shelf, half that under New Orleans, a mile and a third at Old River. It is the nature of unconsolidated sediments to compact, condense, and crustally sink. So the whole deltaic plain, a superhimalaya upside down, is to varying extents subsiding, as it has been for thousands of years. Until about 1900, the river and its distributaries were able to compensate for the subsidence with the amounts of fresh sediment they spread in flood. Across the centuries, distribution was uneven, as channels shifted and land would sink in one place and fill in somewhere else, but over all the land building process was net positive. It was abetted by decaying vegetation, which went into the flooded silts and made soil. Vegetation cannot decay unless it grows first, and it grew in large part on nutrients supplied by floodwaters.
“In the seventeenth century, the Mississippi was very porous along its banks, and water left it in many places,” Fred Chatry reminds us. “Only at low water was it completely confined. Now, in two thousand miles, the first place where water naturally escapes the Mississippi is at Bayou Baptiste Collette—sixty miles below New Orleans.”
What was a net gain before 1900 has by now been a net loss for nearly a hundred years, and the Louisiana we have known—from Old River and the Acadian world to Bayou Baptiste Collette—is sinking. Sediments are being kept within the mainline levees and shot into the Gulf at the rate of three hundred and fifty-six thousand tons a day—shot over the shelf like peas through a peashooter, and lost to the abyssal plain. As waters rise ever higher between levees, the ground behind the levees subsides, with the result that the Mississippi delta plain has become an exaggerated Venice, two hundred miles wide—its rivers, its bayous, its artificial canals a trelliswork of water among subsiding lands.
The medians of interstates are water. St. Bernard Parish, which includes suburbs of New Orleans and is larger than the state of Delaware, is two per cent terra firma, eighteen per cent wetland, and eighty per cent water. A ring levee may surround a whole parish. A ring levee may surround fifty-five square miles of soybeans. Every square foot within a ring levee forces water upward somewhere else.
An Alexander Calder might revel in these motions—interdependent, interconnected, related to the flow at Old River. Calder would have understood Old River Control: the place where the work is attached to the ceiling, and below which everything—New Orleans, Morgan City, the river swamp of the Atchafalaya—dangles and swings.
Something like half of New Orleans is now below sea level—as much as fifteen feet. New Orleans, surrounded by levees, is emplaced between Lake Pontchartrain and the Mississippi like a broad shallow bowl. Nowhere is New Orleans higher than the river’s natural bank. Underprivileged people live in the lower elevations, and always have. The rich—by the river—occupy the highest ground. In New Orleans, income and elevation can be correlated on a literally sliding scale: the Garden District on the highest level, Stanley Kowalski in the swamp. The Garden District and its environs are locally known as uptown.
Torrential rains fall on New Orleans—enough to cause flash floods inside the municipal walls. The water has nowhere to go. Left on its own, it would form a lake, rising inexorably from one level of the economy to the next. So it has to be pumped out. Every drop of rain that falls on New Orleans evaporates or is pumped out. Its removal lowers the water table and accelerates the city’s subsidence. Where marshes have been drained to create tracts for new housing, ground will shrink, too. People buy landfill to keep up with the Joneses. In the words of Bob Fairless, of the New Orleans District engineers, “It’s almost an annual spring ritual to get a load of dirt and fill in the low spots on your lawn.” A child jumping up and down on such a lawn can cause the earth to move under another child, on the far side of the lawn.
Many houses are built on slabs that firmly rest on pilings. As the turf around a house gradually subsides, the slab seems to rise. Where the driveway was once flush with the floor of the carport, a bump appears. The front walk sags like a hammock. The sidewalk sags. The bump up to the carport, growing, becomes high enough to knock the front wheels out of alignment. Sakrete appears, like putty beside a windowpane, to ease the bump. The property sinks another foot. The house stays where it is, on its slab and pilings. A ramp is built to get the car into the carport. The ramp rises three feet. But the yard, before long, has subsided four. The carport becomes a porch, with hanging plants and steep wooden steps. A carport that is not firmly anchored may dangle from the side of a house like a third of a drop-leaf table. Under the house, daylight appears. You can see under the slab and out the other side. More landfill or more concrete is packed around the edges to hide the ugly scene. A gas main, broken by the settling earth, leaks below the slab. The sealed cavity fills with gas. The house blows sky high.
“The people cannot have wells, and so they take rain-water,” Mark Twain observed in the eighteen-eighties. “Neither can they conveniently have cellars or graves, the town being built upon ‘made’ ground; so they do without both, and few of the living complain, and none of the others.” The others may not complain, but they sometimes leave. New Orleans is not a place for interment. In all its major cemeteries, the clients lie aboveground. In the intramural flash floods, coffins go out of their crypts and take off down the street.
The water in New Orleans’ natural aquifer is modest in amount and even less appealing than the water in the river. The city consumes the effluent of nearly half of America, and, more immediately, of the American Ruhr. None of these matters withstanding, in 1984 New Orleans took first place in the annual Drinking Water Taste Test Challenge of the American Water Works Association.
The river goes through New Orleans like an elevated highway. Jackson Square, in the French Quarter, is on high ground with respect to the rest of New Orleans, but even from the benches of Jackson Square one looks up across the levee at the hulls of passing ships. Their keels are higher than the AstroTurf in the Superdome, and if somehow the ships could turn and move at river level into the city and into the stadium they would hover above the playing field like blimps.
In the early nineteen-eighties, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built a new large district headquarters in New Orleans. It is a tetragon, several stories high, with expanses of sheet glass, and it is right beside the river. Its foundation was dug in the mainline levee. That, to a fare-thee-well, is putting your money where your mouth is.
Among the five hundred miles of levee deficiencies now calling for attention along the Mississippi River, the most serious happen to be in New Orleans. Among other factors, the freeboard—the amount of levee that reaches above flood levels—has to be higher in New Orleans to combat the waves of ships. Elsewhere, the deficiencies are averaging between one and two feet with respect to the computed high-water flow line, which goes on rising as runoffs continue to speed up and waters are increasingly confined. Not only is the water higher. The levees tend to sink as well. They press down on the mucks beneath them and squirt materials out to the sides. Their crowns have to be built up. “You put five feet on and three feet sink,” a Corps engineer remarked to me one day. This is especially true of the levees that frame the Atchafalaya swamp, so the Corps has given up trying to fight the subsidence there with earth movers alone, and has built concrete floodwalls along the tops of the levees, causing the largest river swamp in North America to appear to be the world’s largest prison. It keeps in not only water, of course, but silt. Gradually, the swamp elevations are building up. The people of Acadiana say that the swamp would be the safest place in which to seek refuge in a major flood, because the swamp is higher than the land outside the levees.
As sediments slide down the continental slope and the river is prevented from building a proper lobe—as the delta plain subsides and is not replenished—erosion eats into the coastal marshes, and quantities of Louisiana steadily disappear. The net loss is over fifty square miles a year. In the middle of the nineteenth century, a fort was built about a thousand feet from a saltwater bay east of New Orleans. The fort is now collapsing into the bay. In a hundred years, Louisiana as a whole has decreased by a million acres. Plaquemines Parish is coming to pieces like old rotted cloth. A hundred years hence, there will in all likelihood be no Plaquemines Parish, no Terrebonne Parish. Such losses are being accelerated by access canals to the sites of oil and gas wells. After the canals are dredged, their width increases on its own, and they erode the region from the inside. A typical three-hundred-foot oil-and-gas canal will be six hundred feet wide in five years. There are in Louisiana ten thousand miles of canals. In the nineteen-fifties, after Louisiana had been made nervous by the St. Lawrence Seaway, the Corps of Engineers built the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet, a shipping canal that saves forty miles by traversing marsh country straight from New Orleans to the Gulf. The canal is known as Mr. Go, and shipping has largely ignored it. Mr. Go, having eroded laterally for twenty-five years, is as much as three times its original width. It has devastated twenty-four thousand acres of wetlands, replacing them with open water. A mile of marsh will reduce a coastal-storm-surge wave by about one inch. Where fifty miles of marsh are gone, fifty inches of additional water will inevitably surge. The Corps has been obliged to deal with this fact by completing the ring of levees around New Orleans, thus creating New Avignon, a walled medieval city accessed by an interstate that jumps over the walls.
“The coast is sinking out of sight,” Oliver Houck has said. “We’ve reversed Mother Nature.” Hurricanes greatly advance the coastal erosion process, tearing up landscape made weak by the confinement of the river. The threat of destruction from the south is even greater than the threat from the north.
I went to see Sherwood Gagliano one day—an independent coastal geologist and regional planner who lives in Baton Rouge. “We must recognize that natural processes cannot be restored,” he told me. “We can’t put it back the way it was. The best we can do is try to get it back in balance, try to treat early symptoms. It’s like treating cancer. You get in early, you may do something.” Gagliano has urged that water be diverted to compensate for the nutrient starvation and sediment deprivation caused by the levees. In other words, open holes in the riverbank and allow water and sediment to build small deltas into disappearing parishes. “If we don’t do these things, we’re going to end up with a skeletal framework with levees around it—a set of peninsulas to the Gulf,” he said. “We will lose virtually all of our wetlands. The cost of maintaining protected areas will be very high. There will be no buffer between them and the coast.”
Professor Kazmann, of L.S.U., seemed less hopeful. He said, “Attempts to save the coast are pretty much spitting in the ocean.”
The Corps is not about to give up the battle, or so much as imagine impending defeat. “Deltas wax and wane,” remarks Fred Chatry, in the pilothouse of the Mississippi. “You have to be continuously adjusting the system in consonance with changes that occur.” Southern Louisiana may be a house of cards, but, as General Sands suggested, virtually no one would be living in it were it not for the Corps. There is no going back, as Gagliano says—not without going away. And there will be no retreat without a struggle. The Army engineers did not pick this fight. When it started, they were still in France. The guide levees, ring levees, spillways, and floodways that dangle and swing from Old River are here because people, against odds, willed them to be here. Or, as the historian Albert Cowdrey expresses it in the introduction to “Land’s End,” the Corps’ official narrative of its efforts in southern Louisiana, “Society required artifice to survive in a region where nature might reasonably have asked a few more eons to finish a work of creation that was incomplete.”
The towboat Mississippi is more than halfway down the Atchafalaya now—beyond the leveed farmland of the upper basin and into the storied swamp. The willows on the two sides of the river, however, continue to be so dense that they block from sight what lies behind them, and all we can see is the unobstructed waterway running on and on, half a mile wide, in filtered sunlight and the shadows of clouds. A breeze has put waves on the water. Coming over the starboard quarter, it more than quells the humidity and the heat. Nevertheless, as one might expect, most of the people remain indoors, in the chilled atmosphere of the pilothouse, the coat-and-tie comfort of the lounge. A deck of cards appears, and a game of bouré develops, in showboat motif, among various civilian millionaires—Ed Kyle, of the Morgan City Harbor & Terminal District, dealing off the top to the Pontchartrain Levee Board, the Lafourche Basin Levee Board, the Teche-Vermilion Fresh Water District. Oliver Houck—the law professor, former general counsel of the National Wildlife Federation, whose lone presence signals the continuing existence of the environmental movement—naturally stays outdoors. He has established an eyrie on an upper deck, to windward. Tall and loosely structured, Houck could be a middle-aged high jumper, still in shape to clear six feet. His face in repose is melancholy—made so, perhaps, by the world as his mind would have it in comparison with the world as he sees it. What he is seeing at the moment—in the center of the greatest river swamp in North America, which he and his battalions worked fifteen years to “save”—is a walled-off monotony of sky and water.
General Sands joins him, and they talk easily and informally, as two people will who have faced each other across great quantities of time and paper. Sands remarks again that on inspection trips such as this one he has become wed to being “beaten on the head and shoulders” by almost everyone he encounters, not just the odd ecologue attired in alienation.
Houck addresses himself to the head, the shoulders, and the chest, saying that he has deep reservations about Sands’ uniform: all those brass trinkets and serried stars, the castle keeps, the stratified ribbons. He says that Sands’ habiliments constitute a form of intimidation, especially in a region of the country that has not lost its respect for the military presence. Sands’ habiliments are not appropriate in a civilian milieu. “You are Army—an untypical American entity to be performing a political role like this,” Houck says to him, beating on. He tells Sands that he reminds him of “a politician on the stump, going around stroking his constituency.” He calls him “a political water czar.”
Sands implicitly reminds Houck that if it were not for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers there wouldn’t be any stump, the constituency would be somewhere else, and Houck’s neighborhood would be nine feet under water. He says, “Under nature’s scenario, think what it would be like.”
The water czar, I feel a duty to insert, is not the very model of a major general. If he were to chew nails, he would break his teeth. I am not attempting to suggest that he lacks the presence of a general, or the mien, or the bearing. Yet he is, withal, somewhat less martial than most English teachers. Effusive and friendly in a folk-and-country way, courteous, accommodating, he is of the sort whose upward mobility would be swift in a service industry. Make no mistake, he is a general. “Shall we just go to the Four Seasons? A nice little place to have lunch,” he said one day in Vicksburg, and we drove to a large building in the center of town, where his car was left directly in front of the main entrance, beside a bright-yellow curb under various belligerent signs forbidding parking. It stayed there for an hour while he had his crab gumbo.
We approach, on the right, a gap in the Atchafalaya’s bank, where the willows open to reveal a plexus of bayous. Houck has been complaining that the old Cajun swamp life of the Atchafalaya Basin is gone now, and has been for many years, as a result of the volumes of water concentrated in the floodway and of rules forbidding people to live inside the levees. “This single piece of plumbing,” he says of the Atchafalaya, “is the last great river-overflow swamp in the world and also the biggest floodway in the world—all to protect Baton Rouge and New Orleans.” We now come abreast of the gap on the right, and it ends the tedium of the reach upriver. It is a broad window into stands of cypress, their wide fluted bases attached to their redirections in still, dark water. “How I love them,” says Houck, who is a conservationist of the sunset school, with legal skills adjunct to the force of his emotion. Pointing into the beauty of the bayou, he informs General Sands, “That’s what it’s all about.”
The General takes in the scene without comment. In silence, we look at the water-standing trees and into narrow passages that disappear among them. They draw me into thoughts of my own. I first went in there in 1980—that is, into the Atchafalaya swamp, away from its floodway levees, and miles from the river. There were four of us, in canoes. The guide was Charles Fryling, a professor of landscape architecture at Louisiana State University, who, among the environmentalists of the eighteenth state, plays Romulus to Oliver Houck’s Remus. Fryling is a tall man with a broad forehead, whose hair falls straight to his eyes without the slight suggestion that comb or brush has ever been invited to intrude upon nature. In 1973, when he moved into his house, on the periphery of Baton Rouge, it sat on a smooth green lawn, in a neighborhood of ranch contemporaries, each on a smooth green lawn. Fryling’s yard is now a rough green forest, its sweet gums, grapevine, pepper vine, rattan vine, hackberry, passionflowers, and climbing ferns a showcase of natural succession. In Fryling’s words, “It beats the hell out of mowing the lawn.” The trees are thirty feet high.
Fryling speaks in a slow country roll that could win him a job in movies. He would be Li’l Abner, or Candide at Fort Dix—the soldier who appears slow in basic training and dies on an intelligence mission twenty-five miles behind enemy lines. He is a graduate of the illustrious forestry school of the State University of New York (Syracuse), his advanced degree is from Harvard, and—to continue the escalation—he knows how to get from here to there in the swamp. This is a remarkable feat in seven hundred thousand acres that change so much and so often that they are largely unmappable. Fryling understands the minor bayous. Sometimes they run one way, sometimes the other. The water contains sediment or is clear. “See. The water is clearer. It’s coming toward us. It’s coming down from Bayou Pigeon. We’ll get through.”
If you ask him what something is, he knows. It’s green hawthorn. It’s deciduous holly. It’s water privet. It’s water elm. It’s a water moccasin—there on the branch of that water oak. The moccasin doesn’t move. A moccasin never backs off. Dragonflies land on the gunwales. In the Atchafalaya, dragonflies are known as snake doctors. Leaving the open bayou, the canoes turn into the forest and slide among the trunks of cypress under feathery arrowhead crowns. “Young cypress need a couple of years on dry land to get started, but we rend so much water through the Atchafalaya that young trees” can’t get going. So existing cypress are not—as trees are generally thought to be—a renewable resource. We have to protect them in order to have them.”
To be in the Atchafalaya is to float among trees under silently flying blue herons, to see the pileated woodpecker, to hope to see an ivorybill, to hear the prothonotary warbler. The barred owl has a speaking voice as guttural as a dog’s. It seems to be growling, “Who cooks for you? Who cooks for y’all?” The barred owl—staring from a branch straight down into the canoes—appears to be a parrot in camouflage. In the language of the Longtown Choctaw, “Hacha Falaia” meant “Long River.” (The words are reversed in translation.) Since my first travels with Fryling, those rippling syllables have symbolized for me the bilateral extensions of the phrase “control of nature.” Atchafalaya. The word will now come to mind more or less in echo of any struggle against natural forces—heroic or venal, rash or well advised—when human beings conscript themselves to fight against the earth, to take what is not given, to rout the destroying enemy, to surround the base of Mt. Olympus demanding and expecting the surrender of the gods. The Atchafalaya—this most apparently natural of natural worlds, this swamp of the anhinga, swamp of the nocturnal bear—lies between walls, like a zoo. It is utterly dependent on the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, whose decisions at Old River can cut it dry or fill it with water and silt. Fryling gave me a green-and-white sticker that said “atchafalaya.” I put it in a window of my car. It has been there for many years, causing drivers on the New Jersey Turnpike to veer in close and crowd my lane while staring at a word that signifies collision.
In the Atchafalaya more recently, we came upon a sport fisherman in a skiff called Mon Ark. “There’s all kind of land out there now,” he said. He meant not only that the wet parts were low but also that the dry parts were growing. In the Atchafalaya, the land comes and goes, but it comes more than it goes. As the overflow swamp of the only remaining distributary in the delta—the only place other than the mouth of the Mississippi where silt can go—the Atchafalaya is silting in. From a light plane at five hundred feet, this is particularly evident as the reflection of the sun races through trees and shoots forth light from the water. The reflection disappears when it crosses the accumulating land. If land accretes from the shore of a lake or a bayou, the new ground belongs to the shore’s owner. If it accretes as an island, it belongs to the state—a situation of which Gilbert would be sure to inform Sullivan. Some fifty thousand acres are caught in this tug-of-war. Wet and dry, three-quarters of the Atchafalaya swampland is privately owned. Nearly all the owners are interested less in the swamp than in what may lie beneath it. The conservationists, the Corps, landowners, and recreational interests have worked out a compromise by which all parties putatively get what they want: floodway, fishway, oil field, Eden. From five hundred feet up, the world below is green swamp everywhere, far as the eye can see. The fact is, though, that the eye can’t see very far. The biggest river swamp in North America, between its demarcating levees, is seventeen miles wide and sixty miles long. It is about half of what it was when it began at the Mississippi River and went all the way to Bayou Teche.
The old life of the basin is not entirely gone. It is true that people don’t collect moss anymore to use in stuffing furniture, true that the great virgin cypresses are away. Their flared stumps remain, like cabins standing in the water. From the beginning of the nineteenth century, Cajuns made their lives and livings in the swamp. Their grocery stores were afloat, and moved among them, camp to camp. It is true all that has vanished, and the Cajuns live outside the levees, but they and others—operating for the most part alone or in pairs—go into the swamp and take twenty-five million dollars’ worth of protein out of the water in any given year. The fish alone can average a thousand pounds an acre, and that, according to Fryling, is “more fish than in any other natural water system in the United States”—two and a half times as productive as the Everglades. The fish are not in the conversation, however, when compared with the crawfish.
I know a crawfisherman named Mike Bourque, who lives in Catahoula. I remember as if it were today running his lines with him. “Watch your hands. Don’t put ’em on the side of the boat. ’Cause smash ’em,” he said as we went out of Bayou Gravenburg and headed into the trees. His boat was not a canoe, and the object on the stern was no paddle. It was a fifty-horse Mariner, enough for lift-off if the boat had wings. Bourque’s brother-in-law was with us. In French, Bourque told him that he was affecting the balance and to shift his position in the boat. Then, addressing me in English, he said, “Watch yourself, I got to jump that log.” Ahead of us, half hidden in water hyacinths, was an impressive floating log, with a solid diameter of about two feet. The boat smashed against it, thrust up and over it, with a piercing aluminum screech. The boat was about seventeen feet long. The brother-in-law, Dave Soileau, called it a bateau. Bourque called it a skiff. “French and English—we mix it up,” he said. Ordinarily, he works alone, and talks a good deal to himself. “When I talk to myself, I talk in French. When I meet other fishermen, ninety per cent of the time we speak French.” If he doesn’t know them, he knows where they live, because each town has its accent.
Like everyone else, he calls the hyacinths lilies—water lilies. This densely growing plant—a waterborne kudzu, an exotic from the Orient—has come to plague Southern waterways and spread over marshes like nuclear winter closing many forms of life. That is not the case, however, in the Atchafalaya, where the lilies are good for the crawfish. The young feed on stuff that clings to the roots. On heavy stems, the water hyacinths grow three to four feet high, so a lot of power is needed to get through them. “You’ll never see a fisherman with less than a fifty-horse motor.”
Bourque moved the skiff from tree to tree as if he were on snowshoes in a sugarbush emptying buckets of sap. The crawfish cages were chicken-wire pillows with openings at one end. Bourque pulled them out of the water on cords that were tied to the trees, and poured the crawfish into a device that looked something like a roasting pan and was hinged to the side of the boat. He called it the trough. Open at the inner end, it forms a kind of ramp down which the crawfish crawl until they drop into a bucket. Dead bait fish, dead crawfish, and other detritus remain in the trough, and thus the living creatures winnow themselves from what is thrown away. Snakes are thrown away. Some of the used bait fish have less remaining flesh than skeletons lifted by waiters who work in white gloves. The larger crawfish weigh a quarter of a pound and are nine inches long, with claw spans greater than that. When the bucket is full, the crawfish in their motions seem to simmer at the top. “C’est bon. C’est bon. Où est le sac?” said Bourque, and Soileau handed him a plastic-burlap sack. Containing forty pounds each, the sacks began to pile up. The crawfish lay quiet. When a sack was moved, or even touched, though, the commotion inside sounded like heavy rain.
The boat climbed another log. The engine cavitated. We broke through brush like an elephant. Bourque had been following what he called the driftwood line, where a small change in depth had caused driftwood to linger. To him the swamp topography was as distinctive and varied as the neighborhoods of a city would be to someone else—these subworlds of the Atchafalaya, out past Bayou Gravenburg, on toward the Red Eye Swamp. “This line used to go in back there, but I moved them out in front,” he said in a place that seemed much too redundant to have a back or a front. Colored ribbons, which he called flags, helped to distinguish the fishermen’s trees, but he could run his lines without them, covering his four hundred cages. He did about sixty an hour. Soileau, using a grain scoop, shoveled dead alewives and compressed pellets of Acadiana Choice Crawfish Bait into each emptied cage, and Bourque returned it to the water. Bourque told Soileau, who is a biologist with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, to quit the government and come work for him. Soileau said, “For ten dollars a day?”
Bourque said, “Good future. No benefits.”
We were in a coulee, which is like a slough but deeper and with slushier muds at the bottom. A cage came up with seventy crawfish, all dead. The cage had been too low in the muck, where the creatures died in an anoxic slurry. They stirred it up themselves. The cage should just lightly touch the bottom, with the closed end slightly raised.
Bourque next pulled up an empty cage. “Somebody helped me out,” he remarked, and added that he had occasionally met a thief in the act of raiding one of his cages.
Soileau said, “There’s only one thing to do. Go straight to him, board his vessel, and start slugging. There have been no deaths.”
Theft was rising in direct proportion to unemployment. Oil companies owned that part of the swamp. Fishermen have, in fact, been arrested for trespass. Fryling’s wife, Doris Falkenheiner, defends them in court. Meanwhile, so many fishermen work the watery forest that there is a plastic ribbon on almost every tree. The fishermen say they have to bring their own trees.
We hit another log. We ran between a cypress and its knees. “We’re getting up on the ridge,” Bourque said, referring to a subtle, invisible feature of the bottom of the swamp. Out of a cage came a white crawfish, a male. (The male has longer arms.) Crawfish are red, white, or blue. The white ones like the sand of the ridge. Blue ones are rare. Bourque sees fewer than twenty a year. Now he was reaching down into the water for a cage that had been separated from its string by another fisherman’s motor.
“Touchez la?” asked Soileau.
Bourque answered, “Yes.” Then he said, “Ah, bon,” as he retrieved the cage.
“Are y’all hungry?” Bourque asked.
“I live hungry,” said Soileau.
Bourque turned off the motor and we stopped for lunch: ham sandwiches, Royal Crown, Mr. Porker fried cured pork skins. It was seven-thirty in the morning.
We got up around three-thirty and were driving down the levee by four o’clock—in Bourque’s pickup, with the skiff behind. Soileau made the comment that the levees were like cancer, because they had to keep growing while they sank into the swamp. After twenty-five miles, we went down a ramp to a boat landing, where forty-one pickups had arrived before us. Roughly five thousand people take crawfish from the swamp, annually trapping twenty-three million pounds.
Now, at lunchtime, as the early-morning sun began to penetrate the trees, we were looking out on one lovely scene, with tupelo and cypress rising from the water, and pollen on the water like pale-green silk. “The best months are Epp Rill and May,” Bourque said. “The water might rise in October sometimes. I’ll come and try.” He was wearing mirrored sunglasses, a soft cap with a buttoned visor, white rubber boots, and yellow rubber overalls slashed at the crotch. Of middle height, blond and fine-featured, he had sandy hair around his ears and a large curl in back, like a breaking wave. His low-sill mustache looked French. He went to St. Martinville High School, as did Soileau, who married the youngest of Bourque’s six sisters. In large script below the windows of a drugstore in St. Martinville, a sign says, “Sidney Dupois Pharmacien—Au Service de la Santé de Votre Famille.” The Teche News, published down the street, has a regular column headlined “pense donc!!” and contains marriage and death notices about people with names like Boudreau, Tesreau, Landreaux, Passeau, Bordagaray, Lajoie, Angelle, and Guidry. Bourque was the youngest in his family and the only sibling male. He explains that Cajuns keep going until they get a male, and this was where the Bourques stopped.
Soileau passed the pork skins. Bourque chewed them crunchily. “Crawfish are écrevisses in French,” he said. “We call them crawfish.”
I mentioned that écrevisses are cherished by chefs in France.
Soileau said, “I hear you get only three or four.”
Bourque had a recipe of which the nouveaux cuisiniers may not have heard. “Sauté onions in butter, then put in fat out of the head for ten or fifteen minutes, then put meat in for a few minutes more,” he said. “Salt. Cayenne pepper. Onion tops. What makes the étouffée is the fat. Some people put a little roux in there. You can stretch it like that.” Crawfish étouffée: the Cajun quenelle de brochet. The meat is ground, but not to the end of texture. On Easter Sunday morning in Catahoula, the Bourques have a crawfish ball. At least, I thought that’s what they were saying until I saw what they did. They boiled a hundred pounds of crawfish. They ate a crimson mountain of condensed lobsters.
Now we were running in Bayou Eugene, which Soileau and Bourque lyrically pronounced in three syllables—“by yooz yen.” We came upon a beaver on a floating log. This was not the animal that founded a nation, the alert and agile slapper of the boreal lakes. This was a Louisiana beaver—huge, half asleep, prone like a walrus, a mound of cinnamon fur with nothing much to do but eat. There was no need to dam a thing here. The Corps of Engineers would see to that. The beaver topples trees just to eat the bark. There is no mandate to practice conservation when you are what is being conserved. “A willow branch eaten by a beaver is just as smooth as if it had been sanded,” Soileau remarked. “There’s nothing prettier than a willow branch eaten by a beaver.” Nutria live in the swamp as well. Bourque said that he sees only four or five alligators a year. A friend of his lost a finger to a cottonmouth. “He was walking through thick lilies, very high lilies, to make a road for his pirogue. The snake bit his finger through a glove.” Among the crowns of the cypress, a heron flapped by. Bourque called it a gros bec. Soileau called it a yellow-crowned night heron. Bourque said, “The gros bec is here for the same purpose we are: to get crawfish.” A mulberry-blue crawfish came into the boat from a cage that was deep in the Red Eye Swamp.
Farther down the trap line, Bourque said, “Crawfish is something hard to understand. When it’s muddier, they’re hungrier. The water’s not muddy enough out here.” There was a time when that sort of thing was a fact of nature. Now, of course, he blamed the Corps. “I’d like more water,” he continued. “A lot of times, they’ve got much more in the Mississippi than they can use. They say they give us thirty per cent. We don’t know if that’s true.”
I told him I had seen a tally sheet at Old River Control, and it said that 31.1 per cent had gone down the Atchafalaya the day before.
“I’d like to see that paper when the river starts dropping,” Bourque responded. “I don’t see that we get thirty per cent except when there is plenty of water. If they close the locks, it start dropping fast.”
I mentioned the towboat Mississippi and its low-water Atchafalaya inspection trip, and asked if he had ever gone aboard to complain.
“I never heard of that until you mentioned it right now,” he said. “They know we want more water. They don’t have to ask.”
I remembered Rabalais saying, “After they built the structure and started stabilizing this water and so on, the main complaint was the people from the Atchafalaya Basin—all your crawfish fishermen, and so on. They claimed they wasn’t getting enough water, but over the years they’ve learned to live with it, and they catch as many crawfish, I would say, now as they did then.”
And Peck Oubre, the lock mechanic, asking Rabalais, “Before they put in Old River Lock and the control structure, what was the people talking about when the water used to rise and come through here? Were they complaining about it?”
“No,” said Rabalais. “They wouldn’t complain, because there wasn’t nothing you could do.”
Bourque said that farmers who raise crawfish in artificial ponds—a fairly new and rapidly expanding industry—were influencing the Corps to keep the water low in the Atchafalaya in order to squeeze out swamp fishermen like him, whose forebears were swamp fishermen. It is possible that the charge he was making was based on pure suspicion, but now that the structures were emplaced at Old River—and the Corps had assumed charge of the latitude flow—suspicion was one more force they had to try to control.
As we were heading back toward the landing, Bourque remarked, surprisingly, “It’s good we have the levees. Before the levees, the crawfish, they was spread all over.”
For bait, for gasoline, and so forth, the cost of the day’s run was seventy-five dollars. At the boat landing, Bourque sold the crawfish for three hundred and sixty. The buyer was Michael Williams, a youth from New Iberia with a mane of Etruscan hair. He identified himself as a poet, and said, “For poems there’s not a market anymore. The days of the Romantic poets is gone. That’s like in the past.” So he also writes country-and-western lyrics. He recited one that began, “Oh, it’s hard to write a love song / If you’ve never been in love.” He had a pit bull named Demon with him. Demon went into the water and snapped at wave. He tried to bite motorboat waves.
I emerge from my remembrances standing at the rail, bewitched by the impenetrable vegetation. No part of those scenes that lie behind it can be felt or sensed from the decks of the Mississippi as the towboat moves on between the curtains of willow and straight down the middle of the bifurcated swamp. The others continue to talk, argue. The point is made that if the Mississippi River were to shift into the Atchafalaya the entire basin would fill with sediment and become a bottomland hardwood forest. “When nature shifts, man shifts,” Oliver Houck says. The petrochemical industries would move to the basin, too, rebuilding themselves on Bayou Eugene, extruding plastics in the Red Eye Swamp. There are people in Morgan City who envision another Ruhr Valley up the Atchafalaya. Morgan City would be the new New Orleans.
The new New Orleans—seventeen miles from the Gulf—is not far ahead of us now. The landscape is changing to coastal marsh. Going below, I make a circumspect visit to the card game in the lounge. The Pontchartrain Levee Board draws three, Teche-Vermilion needs two. Ed Kyle, of Morgan City, whose pockets are familiar with United States currency bearing portraits that most people in their lifetime never see and do not even know exist, throws one dollar into the pot. In the center of the table, the greenbacks reach flood stage.
Now, through the picture windows at the front of the lounge, our destination is in view: Morgan City, the Cajun Carcassonne—a very small town behind a very high wall. A railroad bridge and two highway bridges leap the Atchafalaya and seem to touch gingerly on the two sides, as if they were landing on lily pads. Flood stage in Morgan City is four feet above sea level. A dirt levee protected the town until 1937. It was succeeded by concrete walls six and then eight feet high. As floods grew—and the Atchafalaya became the only distributary of the Mississippi—sandbags and wooden baffles were piled up in haste on top of the eight-foot walls. Since it is the Corps’ intention that fifty per cent of a Design Flood go down the Atchafalaya, and since Morgan City is on a small island of no relief situated directly in the path of the planned deluge, the Corps has built the present wall twenty-two feet high. It is of such regal and formidable demeanor that it attracts tourists. It is a wall that imagines water—a sheet of water at least twenty feet thick between Morgan City and the horizon. The sea wall, as it is known, rises to the skirts of palms that stand in rows behind it. From the approaching towboat we can see a steeple, a flagpole, a water tower, but not the town’s low avenues or deeply shaded streets. Damocles would not have been so lonely had he lived in Morgan City. In a proportion inverse to the seawall’s great size, the seawall betokens a vulnerability the like of which is hard to find so far from a volcano.
Water approaches Morgan City from every side. The Atchafalaya River and its surrounding floodway come down from the north and pass the western edge of town. The seawall is a part of the floodway’s eastern guide levee. When there are heavy local rains, as there were at the time of the great flood of 1973, water that is kept out of the floodway by the seventy-five miles of the eastern guide levee—water that used to go into the swamp and the river when the basin was under the control of nature—pools against the levee, caroms in the direction of the Gulf, and assaults Morgan City from the back side. The levee ends on Avoca Island, five or six miles south. The Atchafalaya floodwaters are sometimes so high that they go around the end of the levee and come back against Morgan City. Hurricanes also bring floods from that direction, surging from the Gulf like tidal waves.
Professor Kazmann, of L.S.U., said, “You can’t sell Morgan City short, or I would.” To end its days, Morgan City does not require a Design Flood. The Design Flood, at Morgan City, is a million and a half cubic feet per second. LeRoy Dugas, of Old River, once explained to me, “The Old River Control Structures can pass seven hundred and fifty thousand cubic feet per second and the Morganza Spillway six hundred. In that situation, if both of them are wide open, we’ve got Morgan City gasping for air.” The people of Morgan City are not easily frightened. They would tell Professor Kazmann to get back into his college and Dugie to shut a few gates. Mayor Cedric LaFleur says, “I feel safe. I feel secure. We’re not going to wash away.” If there is a slightly hollow sound as he speaks, it is because Morgan City is sort of like a large tumbler glued to the bottom of an aquarium. The Corps, of course, built Morgan City’s great rampart, and graced it with bas-reliefs of shrimp boats and oil rigs—consecutive emblems of Morgan City booms. Everyone is grateful for the wall. Morgan City—in its unusual setting—is dependent on the Corps of Engineers in the way that a space platform would depend on Mission Control. The fate of Morgan City is written at Old River. Anything that happens there is relevant to the town.
As the towboat passes under the second bridge and turns toward a berth below the seawall, I ask General Sands what sort of complaint he most frequently receives when he comes here. He says, “The Corps of Engineers isn’t doing enough to protect Morgan City from disaster.”
The hearing is at nine the next morning, aboard the Mississippi in the thoroughly transformed lounge. Where Teche-Vermilion was taking pots, the scene is now set for the court-martial of Billy Mitchell. In front of various standing flags, the three generals and two civilian members of the Mississippi River Commission sit at a large formal table, with General Sands in the central position. A colonel is master of ceremonies, and three other colonels are in the front row. This seems an unlikely place for Clifton Aucoin to present his petitions, but now he stands before them—a man in bluejeans and an open shirt, whose remarks suggest that he has spent a good many days of his life up to his hips in water. “My name is Clifton Aucoin,” he testifies. “Very few people pronounce it right, so don’t feel bad about it.” He tells the commission that he once kept a boat tied to the knob of his front door. “As far as us people in the back floodwater area, we feel neglected,” he continues. “As far as we can tell, nothing has been fixed. Atchafalaya water just comes around Bayou Chene, it comes right on us backwater people. . . . We feel that it’s just another major flood that’s waiting to hit us if nothing is done about it.” As a hunter, he further complains of dying trees, of disappearing browse and cover—changes no longer ascribable to nature but now quite obviously conceded to be under the control of the Corps.
The commissioners hear Cedric LaFleur, a trimly built man with curly hair and dark, quick eyes. LaFleur says it is “a dire relief” to have the seawall completed, and suggests that the Corps stop studying the Avoca Island levee and extend it several miles south—to prevent the floods of the Atchafalaya from going around the levee’s tip and coming back upon the town. Terrebonne Parish, east of the proposed extension, has complained to the Corps that an extended levee would deprive Terrebonne marshes of sediment, thereby destroying the marshes. The survival of one parish is in conflict with the survival of another, and each is appealing to the Corps.
They hear Mark Denham, of St. Mary Parish: “We appreciate y’all coming down. We really consider having the Corps as a presence in our area a tremendous asset to our area as far as protection of floodwaters and as far as economic development also.”
They hear Jesse Fontenot, Curtis Patterson, Gerald Dyson—chambers of commerce, levee boards, the government of the state. And, as they inevitably do in Morgan City, they hear Doc Brownell. He comes forward slowly, slightly stoop-shouldered, septuagenarian. This man once entered prizefights. There is a trace of smile on his face. He, too, thanks the commission. “It’s always a pleasure to see you people come down here. It gives as a little encouragement.” And then, in effect, he tells the Corps to get its act mobilized and extend the levee. For thirty-two and a half years, Doc Brownell was the mayor of Morgan City. LaFleur has been described as his clone. In 1973, when the water went around the end of the levee and came back up Bayou Chene, Brownell, without authority, sank a fifteen-hundred-ton barge in the bayou. The barge acted as a dam and held off the water long enough for the people to build up their defenses and save the city. “The nightmare of ’73 is still with us,” Brownell reminds the commission. “We live in a state of apprehension; we live on the whims of the weather of over forty-two per cent of the United States. . . .We live with it twenty-four hours a day.” He praises the beauty of the new seawall but points out that to the people of Morgan City its extraordinary height is an unambiguous message from the Corps. “We can expect that much more water. It makes us very apprehensive. We have got to extend our defenses.”
Brownell, who went into medicine because the lumber business was dying, became a sort of bayou Schweitzer, delivering babies far out in the swamps, doing surgery in an un-air-conditioned operating room for twelve and fourteen hours a day. Among his closest companions was an alligator called Old Bull, who lived with the Brownell family for thirty-five years. Old Bull died in 1982 and is now in a glass-sided mahogany-framed case—in effect, a see-in coffin—looking almost alive among simulated hyacinths, iris, and moss in Brownell’s parlor. Tip to tip, Old Bull is ten and a half feet long. There is a brass footrail next to Old Bull and a padded bar above him, with beer tap, soda siphon, and a generous stock of bottles. Brownell took Charlie Fryling and me there one spring day to admire Old Bull and to show us, with the help of pictures, the predicament of Morgan City. What struck me most of all as he talked was his evident and inherent conviction that a community can have a right to exist—to rise, expand, and prosper—in the middle of one of the most theatrically inundated floodplains in the world. To be sure, the natural floodplain is also an artificial floodway—concentrated and shaped—and, accordingly, its high waters are all the more severe. In Morgan City, it has become impossible to separate the works of people from the periodic acts of God. “We have a lot of restaurants now and various types of establishments in places vulnerable to the water,” Brownell said. “We got to develop on the floodplain. It’s the only place we got to develop. We still have got to look for places for people to live. Now, you can see from this map that we’re right in the middle of this floodway. It’s like a funnel with a spout, and we’re at the end of that spout. We’re in the concentration part of it. We have our homes, our families, our whole future in the floodway. We’ve got to live with these problems—and to me it ought to be some type of priority for the people who live under these conditions twelve months out of the year should be given some type of preference as to what our future is. It’s the nation’s problem, and we are only the victims here of a lot of things that does happen here that are imposed upon us. We lost the big live oaks in the park because of the long-standing floodwater. A flood doesn’t last for weeks here, as it does in some of those northern places. Our floods last for months. The more ring levees are built to the north, the more water Morgan City gets. In whatever way the people upriver protect themselves, they send more water to Morgan City. If people dig canals to get water off their land, it goes to Morgan City. When you’re drowning, you don’t need more water.”
Tarzan of the Apes once leaped about among the live oaks in the park. The first Tarzan movie was filmed in Morgan City. The Atchafalaya swamp was Tarzan’s jungle. Black extras in costumes pretended they were Africans.
Not far from Old Bull, the head of another alligator was in use as a lamp—its mouth open, a light bulb in the back of its throat. Stuffed owls and hawks were hanging on the walls, and Canada geese were flying through the air. There were the heads of deer, of black bears from the Atchafalaya swamp. Brownell said his father had killed six bears shortly before he died. There was a stuffed tarpon head as large as the head of a horse. The tarpon was caught in the Atchafalaya River near Morgan City before the river, increasing in volume and power, pushed back the salt water. Islands now stand where the river was a hundred feet deep. As the Atchafalaya has grown, more and more sediments have, of course, come with it, stopping where they reach still water. This is the one place in Louisiana, other than the mouth of the Mississippi, where new coastal land is forming. Large areas of what was once Atchafalaya Bay have become dry flats. The soil broke the surface as the flood receded in 1973. Whole islands appeared at once. The bay was choked. Brownell says the river built a dam there. A geologist would call it a delta.
Charles Morgan, a shipper in New Orleans in the eighteen-fifties and sixties, was so irritated by New Orleans’ taxes, New Orleans’ dockage fees, and New Orleans’ waterfront clutter that he moved his operation to the Atchafalaya and developed a competing city. It seems unlikely that he was aware that the Mississippi River meant to follow him. Morgan City thrived on shipping, on oysters. When the big cypresses were felled in the Atchafalaya swamp, Morgan City became the center of the cypress industry in the United States: numerous sawmills, hundreds of schooners in the port. Brownell’s great-grandfather owned a sawmill. In the nineteen-thirties, Captain Ted Anderson, a Florida-based fisherman, was blown off course by a storm, and put in at Morgan City. In the hold of his boat were shrimp of a size unfamiliar in Morgan City—big ones, like croissants, from far offshore. They were considered repulsive, and at first no one wanted them, but these jumbos of the deep Gulf soon gave Morgan City the foremost shrimp fleet in the world. As the Atchafalaya River pushed back the salt water, it pushed out of the marshes the nurseries of shrimp. Caught in the westbound littoral drift, the shrimp went to Texas, where much of the business is now. The growth of cypresses was too slow to keep up with the lumber industry, so the lumber industry collapsed. The next boom was in oil. The big offshore towers come out of the marshlands surrounding Morgan City. They are built on their sides and dominate the horizon like skeletons of trapezoidal blimps. Of the twelve hundred and sixty-three permanent platforms now standing in the Gulf on the continental shelf, eighty-eight per cent are off Louisiana.
In other words, the people of Morgan City are accustomed to taking nature as it comes. Cindy Thibodaux, the town archivist—a robust young poet with cerulean eyes and a fervent manner of speaking—said to me one day, “When you’re fishing in the bayou, you’re out in nature with the oil industry all around you.” She has written a poem about the oil industry and nature from an alligator’s perspective.
In the presence of the tribunes on the towboat, as the Pontchartrain Levee District recites its needs and the State of Louisiana its concerns—as the discussion touches upon the varied supplication of the whole deltaic plain, and on the growth of the extremities of the great levee system not only below Morgan City but down the Mississippi from Bohemia to Baptiste Collette—my mind cannot help drifting back to Old River, where every part of this story in a sense had its beginnings and could also have its end. Near the mouths of the intake channels of Old River Control, the Corps maintains another towboat, smaller than the Mississippi but no less powerful—a vessel on duty twenty-four hours a day and not equipped with white couches, wall-to-wall windows, or venetian blinds—the name of which is Kent.
Kent is a picket boat. It defends Old River Control. With its squared bow and severed aspect, it appears to be a piece of wharf that loosened like a tooth and came out on the river. Kent’s job is to catch, hold, and assist any vessel in trouble. If barges break loose upstream and there is insufficient time to tie them up, Kent is supposed to divert them. Technically, it is a twin-screw steel motor rug, eighty-five feet long, with two nine-hundred-horse diesels that can start at the touch of buttons. (Compressed air makes that possible.) It cost two million dollars and differs from most river towboats only in its uncommon electronics—the state and variety of its radar, the applications of its multiple computers. In addition to the on-board radar, two radar beams sweep the river from the bank at stations four miles apart, and anything that reflects from these beams appears on a screen in Kent. If a tow rig is moving at the speed of the current, an alarm goes off, for the coincidental speed suggests that the rig is without power. Kent can tell this eight miles away.
Fifteen miles up the river, in April of 1964, twenty barges full of ore were tied to the bank and left there unattended. Eight of them broke free. There was no picket boat then. As a functioning valve, the control structure at Old River was nine months old. As the ore-laden barges drifted near, they were drawn away from the Mississippi, sucked into the structure by the power of the Atchafalaya. One of them plunged through the gates and sank on the lower side. Three sank in front of the gates and effectively closed the structure. A standard barge is a hundred and ninety-five feet long. Water piled up. Weeks went by. Much of the time, the difference in water level between the Mississippi and Atchafalaya sides was thirty-five feet, a critical number that resulted in damage and “threatened the integrity of the structure”—the Corps’ way of saying that it might have been wiped out.
Today, it is illegal to tie anything to either bank of the Mississippi within twenty upstream miles of the structures at Old River. Every approaching vessel has to radio Kent and, as Dugas puts it, “say what he is, who he is, and if he has a red-flag product.” And for ignorant river pilots and all uninitiated craft there’s a very large sign high up the bank of the river—its first three words in red:
WARNING
DANGEROUS DRAW
1 Mile—West Bank
Old River Control Structure
U.S. ARMY
Corps of Engineers
New Orleans District
Spring high water often knocks the sign away.
It would be difficult to overestimate the power of the draw, deriving, as it does, from the Atchafalaya, by now, in point of discharge, the seventh-strongest river in the world. The Coast Guard once tried to set five warning buoys in the west side of the Mississippi, but could not keep them in place, because the suction was so fierce. This threat to navigation could be called an American Maelstrom—a modern Charybdis, a Corryvreckan—were it not so very much greater in destructive force. In Dugie’s words, “Any rig on the right side of the river is in trouble.”
An empty barge and three barges loaded with quarry stones were sucked into the low sucked into the low sill in 1965. Two loaded barges went through the structure and sank on the Atchafalaya side. The other sank against the gates without causing apparent damage, but it must have contributed to the turbulences that even then were undermining the structure. After the great flood of 1973 and the considerable debilitation it disclosed, there was the constant danger that if several loose barges were to block the flow and the difference in water levels were to build to catastrophic proportions nothing could be done about it. One barge spent a flood against the gates in 1974, but the structure survived.
People in Simmesport often refer to Old River Control as “the second locks.” John Hughes, the supervisor of Kent and one of its operators, does his best to correct them. “That’s not a lock, that’s a control structure,” he says. And a Simmesport person says, “Well, we was born and raised here, and we call it the second locks.” To judge by the amount of traffic erroneously attracted to the control structure, they have a point. A boat comes down the river, takes a right, and heads for Old River Control, thinking that it is Old River Navigation Lock. Usually, the boat is smaller—a cabin cruiser, or something of the sort—but the mistake has been made by a fifteen-barge tow. Its skipper called in on the radio to the navigation lock, announcing his arrival. The people at the lock replied that they didn’t see him. He said, “I’m right here looking at you, I’m coming in.” The mistake was corrected just in time.
In 1982, thirty-nine barges broke loose thirteen miles upstream at four in the morning. The whole rig just came apart. Dugie recalls, “He was in a bend of the river. He couldn’t maneuver the river. He hit the bank.” The picket boat went after the barges. Five other skippers, joining their units together, detached four towboats that came to help. “They could see the picket boat had a lot of problems, trying to catch thirty-nine barges by himself,” Dugie says. At 6 a.m., right at the entrance to the intake channel of Old River Control, the last barge was caught. Not even one hit the gates. Two of the thirty-nine were red-flag barges, loaded with petroleum. Later that year, a fifteen-barge rig heading north in the dark swung too close to Old River Control, was drawn off course, and—its engines overmatched by the force of the water—crashed in the sand on the north side of the intake-channel mouth. In 1983, at midnight, a towboat with three jumbo barges lost power at Black Hawk Point, two miles above the structure. The picket boat caught it before it reached the channel.
The operator on that occasion was Gerald Gillis, whose broad full face and long jet-black hair lend him the look of an Elizabethan page after twenty-five years in Morgan City. He is one of eight men who work Kent—two on a shift. One day, he took me out on the beat with him, running up the river. He said the speed of the Mississippi current ranges from about three knots in low water to six in spring and eight in flood. A rig coming downstream on this September day would be averaging about eight knots. To conserve fuel, the big thirty-five-barge tows like to crawl along just barely ahead of the speed of the river, and that confuses Kent, because the tows could be dead in the water. An example was descending toward us now, called Gale C, shoving thirty-five barges of grain and cord, and much alive in the river, as Gillis learned from his transceiver. While the huge rig was passing by us—really an itinerant island, eight thousand horsepower and a third of a mile long, with its barges in seven ranks of five—he said the rough rule of thumb for fuelling such an enterprise is one gallon per horsepower per day.
Gillis turned on the depth finder. We had come up the Mississippi’s east side, and now he swung crosscurrent, heading for the cutbank of the west-convexing bend just above the structures of Old River. As we traversed the Mississippi, the depth, which was being sketched by a stylus on graph paper, dropped steadily and kept on dropping the closer we came to the bank. We were only a few swimming strokes from shore when the depth reached a hundred feet. It was notable that the riverbed was fifty feet below sea level more than three hundred miles from the mouth of the river, but what particularly astounded me was the very great depth so close to the west bank. It showed the excavating force of a tremendous river. The foundations of skyscrapers are rarely that deep. And this was the bend where the water swung off and into Old River Control—a bend armored with concrete where the Mississippi might break free and go to the Atchafalaya. Kent was so close to the bank that it had no room to turn. Gillis backed away.
Twenty years before, a barge that broke loose and was crumpled after sinking at the structure was hauled up the intake channel and left by the edge of the river. The barge had not moved since then, but the Mississippi’s bank—consumed by the scouring currents—had eroded to the west. The barge now lay five hundred feet out in the Mississippi.
General Sands, reflecting on these matters, once said, “The Old River Control Structure was put in the wrong place. It was designed to a dollar figure.”
And Fred Bayley, his chief engineer, added, “That is correct. It was done during the Eisenhower Administration.”
The Corps once attempted to barricade the intake channel with a string of barges anchored in the river. Drift—as the big logs are called that unremittingly come down the river—amassed against the anchoring cables until enough had gathered to heave high and start breaking the cables. As if drift were not enough of a problem, ice has been known to appear as well. It may come only once in twenty years, but ice it is, in Louisiana.
The water attacking Old River Control is of course continuous, working, in different ways, from both sides. In 1986, one of the low-sill structure’s eleven gates was seriously damaged by the ever-pounding river. Another gate lost its guiding rail. When I asked Fred Smith, the district geologist, if he thought it inevitable that the Mississippi would succeed in swinging its channel west, he said, “Personally, I think it might. Yes. That’s not the Corps’ position, though. We’ll try to keep it where it is, for economic reasons. If the right circumstances are all put together (huge rainfall, a large snowmelt), there’s a very definite possibility that the river would divert—go down through the Atchafalaya Basin. So far, we have been able to alleviate those problems.”
Significant thanks to Kent.
A skiff rides on Kent’s stern. A part of the skiff’s permanent equipment is a fifteen-foot bamboo pole. Kent is alert to everything that moves in the river, including catfish.


2017 Update: On September 5, 2017, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) initiated the orderly phase out of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy. For more information, read the 2017 DACA announcement on the USCIS website.
2017 Update: On June 15, 2017, former Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly, after consulting with the Attorney General, signed a memorandum rescinding the November 20, 2014 memorandum that created the program known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (“DAPA”) because there is no credible path forward to litigate the currently enjoined policy. For more information, visit DHS.gov.
2015 Update: On February 16, 2015, a federal district court temporarily enjoined the government from proceeding forward on the former Secretary’s policy of DAPA and expanded DACA. The injunction does not affect the existing 2012 DACA initiative.
On November 20, 2014, former Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson issued new policies which allow certain aliens who arrived in the United States on or before January 1, 2010 to apply for deferred action, a form of prosecutorial discretion under which aliens are not removed from the United States and that authorizes them to seek permission to work lawfully in the United States. The former Secretary’s policies apply to certain individuals who came to the United States as children under the age of 16 of who are parents of U.S. citizens or lawful permanent resident children.
Does this process apply to me if I am currently in removal proceedings, have a final removal order, or have a voluntary departure order?
This process is open to any individual who can demonstrate he or she meets the guidelines for consideration, including those who are in removal proceedings, with a final order, or with a voluntary departure order. All deferred action decisions will be made by USCIS.
If you are currently in immigration detention
If you are currently in immigration detention and believe you meet the guidelines for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) or Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA), you must:
•	Identify yourself to your case officer explaining you believe you are DACA/DAPA eligible. Your case officer will review your case along with the local Office of the Chief Counsel. If you appear to meet the DACA/DAPA requirements, you may be released on an alternative form of supervision to allow you to pursue your case with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
o	If your case officer is unavailable, you can contact the ICE Detention Reporting and Information Line at 1-888-351-4024 (staffed 8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m., Monday – Friday); or submit an email and the appropriate action will be taken in a timely manner.
If you are not in immigration detention
If you are not in immigration detention and want to affirmatively request consideration of deferred action for childhood arrivals, you must submit your request to USCIS – not ICE – pursuant to these procedures established by USCIS.
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Health Service Corps (IHSC) provides direct care to approximately 13,500 detainees housed at 21 designated facilities throughout the Nation to include medical, dental and mental health care, and public health services. IHSC also provides medical case management and oversight for an additional 15,000 detainees housed at approximately 119 non-IHSC staffed detention facilities across the country. In addition, IHSC oversees the financial authorization and payment for off-site specialty and emergency care services for detainees in ICE custody.
ICE Health Service Corps also provides medical support during flight and sea operations through the IHSC Special Medical Operations Unit. This unit consists of specially trained PHS officers who, in addition to meeting the medical needs of detainees, serve as liaisons between law enforcement officials and other key stakeholders.
IHSC is committed to providing health care services to reduce global disease and support the safe apprehension, enforcement and removal of detained individuals involved in immigration proceedings.
ICE'S mission is to protect America from the cross-border crime and illegal immigration that threaten national security and public safety.
This mission is executed through the enforcement of more than 400 federal statutes and focuses on smart immigration enforcement, preventing terrorism and combating the illegal movement of people and goods.
Immigration Enforcement
Securing our nation's borders and safeguarding the integrity of our immigration system is a primary focus of ICE officers and agents throughout the country. Immigration enforcement is the largest single area of responsibility for ERO and is a critical component of the overall safety, security, and well-being of our nation.
While ERO has significant assets near the border, the majority of its immigration enforcement mission takes place in the interior of the country. To accomplish ICE's important immigration enforcement objectives, ERO coordinates closely with law enforcement partners within the U.S. and around the world. One of the most notable law enforcement coordination and partnership efforts within ERO involves the biometric and biographic identification of priority aliens who are incarcerated within federal, state, and local prisons and jails.
ERO works with law enforcement partners in the shared responsibility for ensuring the safety of our communities through a variety resources and programs. The 287(g) program enables a state or local law enforcement entity to receive delegated authority, training, and technology resources for immigration enforcement within their jurisdictions. ICE's Law Enforcement Support Center coordinates response and enforcement actions with law enforcement partners using biometrics to identify foreign-born individuals arrested for criminal offenses.
ERO also enhances the impact of multi-agency task forces through its administrative authority to arrest individuals deemed a threat to public safety on their unlawful immigration status without additional criminal charges. Finally, leveraging resources available through foreign law enforcement partners including INTERPOL and the ICE Attaché corps, ERO develops investigative leads and provides support in locating and arresting foreign nationals wanted for crimes committed abroad who are now at-large in the U.S.
Browse through the "Immigration Enforcement" category of the What We Do drop-down menu to learn more.
Combating Transnational Crime
As one of the country's premier federal law enforcement agencies, ICE is dedicated to detecting and dismantling transnational criminal networks that target the American people and threaten our industries, organizations and financial systems. Combating cross-border criminal activity is the largest single area of responsibility of HSI, and is a critical component of the overall safety, security, and well-being of our nation.
HSI investigates the criminal enterprises that engage in a broad range of illicit activity including narcotics trafficking, human trafficking, gang violence, money laundering and other financial crimes, intellectual property theft, and customs fraud. HSI also investigates a broad range of cybercrime, including child exploitation in the commitment to securing both physical and virtual borders.
HSI is committed to identifying and disrupting the movement of illicit proceeds generated by these criminal organizations and activities in an effort to safeguard our nation's trade, travel and financial systems.
Our workforce maintains effective relationships throughout the global law enforcement community and works closely with our domestic and international partners at every level to ensure the safety of all Americans.
Browse through the "Investigating the Illegal Movement of People and Goods" category of the What We Do drop-down menu to learn more.
Preventing Terrorism
With a workforce numbering approximately 20,000 including deportation officers, special agents, analysts, and professional staff, ICE stands at the forefront of our nation's efforts to strengthen border security and prevent the illegal movement of people, goods, and funds into, within, and out of the United States. The agency's broad investigative authorities are directly related to our country's ongoing efforts to combat terrorism at home and abroad.
HSI is the largest contributor to the FBI-led Joint Terrorism Task Forces and employs its unique and exclusive immigration and trade-based authorities to disrupt terrorist networks and prevent attacks against the homeland. This work includes HSI initiating investigations into transnational criminal organizations and subjects of national security concern or interest who are involved in narcotics smuggling, human trafficking and smuggling, and immigration document and benefit fraud, as well as investigating trade-based money laundering and intellectual property crimes used to finance or support terrorists or their activities. HSI is also responsible for preventing terrorist groups, illicit procurement networks, and hostile nations from acquiring U.S. military hardware, sensitive technical data, dual-use technology, and other materials used to develop weapons of mass destruction.
HSI and ERO are recognized as essential partners in numerous national and international task force operations that target terrorist activities and are dedicated to investigating, prosecuting, and removing human rights violators and war criminals to prevent the U.S. from becoming a safe haven.
Browse through the "Preventing Terrorism" category of the What We Do drop-down menu to learn more
Mission
To identify, arrest, and remove aliens who present a danger to national security or are a risk to public safety, as well as those who enter the United States illegally or otherwise undermine the integrity of our immigration laws and our border control efforts. Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) upholds America's immigration laws at, within and beyond our borders through efficient enforcement and removal operations.
ERO enforces the nation's immigration laws in a fair and effective manner. It identifies and apprehends removable aliens, detains these individuals when necessary and removes illegal aliens from the United States.
ERO transports removable aliens from point to point, manages aliens in custody or in an alternative to detention program, provides access to legal resources and representatives of advocacy groups and removes individuals from the United States who have been ordered to be deported.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Office of Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) is dedicated to ensuring the public is fully informed of the agency’s immigration enforcement efforts. In support of the agency’s mission, ERO is committed to transparency, collaboration and resolving concerns with our stakeholders. These stakeholders include individuals in ICE custody, the public, non-governmental organizations, faith-based organizations, academic institutions, attorneys, and advocacy groups.
The ICE ERO Detention Reporting and Information Line is a toll-free service that provides a direct channel for agency stakeholders to communicate directly with ERO to answer questions and resolve concerns. Stakeholders may reach the ICE ERO Detention Reporting and Information Line by dialing 1-888-351-4024. Live trained operators are available Monday through Friday (excluding holidays) from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) to respond to inquiries from those in ICE detention and from community members. Language assistance, including Spanish operators, is also available.
Call center representative will answer calls and assist with resolution on subjects such as:
•	Incidents of sexual or physical assault or abuse,
•	Serious or unresolved problems in detention,
•	Reports of victims of human trafficking and other crimes,
•	Reports on individuals with serious mental disorders or conditions,
•	Separation of minor child or other dependent and other parental related issues,
•	Inquiries from the general public, law enforcement officials and others
•	Requests for basic case information.
•	Reports that someone in detention has a serious mental disorder or condition.
Since it launched in September 2012, the Detention Reporting and Information Line has resolved more than 2,000 case assistance calls monthly on average.
The Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552), establishes a presumption that records in the possession of agencies and departments of the Executive Branch of the U.S. Government are available to the public. The FOIA sets standards for determining when Government records must be made available and which records may be withheld. The FOIA also gives requesters specific legal rights and provides administrative and judicial remedies when access to records or portions of records is denied. The FOIA statute requires that Federal agencies provide access to and disclosure of information pertaining to the Government's business to the fullest extent possible.
The Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. § 552a, establishes a code of fair information practices that governs the collection, maintenance, use, and dissemination of personally identifiable information about individuals that is maintained in systems of records by federal agencies. A system of records is a group of records under the control of an agency from which information is retrieved by the name of the individual or by some identifier assigned to the individual. The Privacy Act requires that agencies give the public notice of their systems of records by publication in the Federal Register. The Privacy Act prohibits the disclosure of information from a system of records absent the written consent of the subject individual, unless the disclosure is pursuant to one of twelve statutory exceptions. The Act also provides individuals with a means by which to seek access to and amendment of their records, and sets forth various agency record-keeping requirements.
Congress provided special protection in the FOIA for three narrow categories of law enforcement and national security records. The provisions protecting those records are known as exclusions. The first exclusion protects the existence of an ongoing criminal law enforcement investigation when the subject of the investigation is unaware that it is pending and disclosure could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings. The second exclusion is limited to criminal law enforcement agencies and protects the existence of informant records when the informants status has not been officially confirmed. The third exclusion is limited to the FBI and protects the existence of foreign intelligence or counterintelligence, or international terrorism records when the existence of such records is classified. Records falling within an exclusion are not subject to the requirements of the FOIA. Thus, when the agency responds to your request it will limit its response to those records that are subject to the FOIA.
NOTE: All requests for Alien Files, including all records therein, should be requested from U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, The National Records Center, FOIA Division, P.O. Box 648010, Lee's Summit, MO 64064-5570. Alien Files are under the control of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Please refer any questions about Alien File record requests to Director, Freedom of Information/Privacy Act Program at (202) 272-8269.
How to Make a FOIA or Privacy Act Request
The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C. § 552, requires the agency to make its records available to the public to the extent that those records are not otherwise exempt from the disclosure requirements of the Act (e.g., classified national security, business proprietary, personal privacy, and investigative information).
The Privacy Act (PA), 5 U.S.C. § 552a provides lawful permanent residents and U.S. citizens a right of access to records filed in an agency system of records, which are retrieved by their name or personal identifier.
ALL REQUESTS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING. FORM G-639 may be used for this purpose. Requests must be for access to existing records. The FOIA /PA Program Office will not "create" records for the purpose of responding to a FOIA or PA request.
Follow these steps to make a request:
1.	The request must be in writing, including a daytime phone number so that we may contact you.
2.	Provide as much information as possible on the subject matter; this will help expedite the search process.
3.	Verification of Identity, Verification of Guardianship, Accompanying Persons, and Amendment Request are requirements for making a PA request. PA requests should be marked "Privacy Act Request."
4.	Mail your request to: FOIA Office U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 500 12th Street, S.W., Stop 5009 Washington, D.C. 20536-5009
5.	Requests can also be faxed to (202) 732-4265
6.	Requests or questions may also be e-mailed to the following address: ICE-FOIA@dhs.gov
7.	Requests are deemed to constitute an agreement to pay any applicable fees that may be chargeable up to $25 without notice. Most requests do not require any fees; however, if fees exceed $25, we will notify you beforehand.
An "AFFIRMATION/DECLARATION" form indicating your name, date of birth, name of the person you want your records disclosed to (where applicable) and their address and a statement indicating that you understand that knowingly or willingly seeking or obtaining access to records about another person under false pretenses and or without their consent is punishable by a fine of up to $5,000.
When should I expect to see a response to my request? 
You should receive an acknowledgement letter within 3-5 business days after we receive your request. This letter will contain a tracking number we have assigned to your request. If you contact us by phone, mail or e-mail please have this number available if you wish to check the status of your request.
ICE uses a multi-track system to process requests on a first-in, first-out basis. We are able to answer simple requests more quickly and such inquiries will be placed on the fast track of our multi-track processing. More complex requests may require significant processing time. Although ICE's goal is to respond within 20 business days of receipt of your request, the FOIA does permit a 10-day extension of this time period. If your request involves a significant volume of records, requires that we collect records from separate offices or requires that we consult with another agency, ICE will invoke the 10-day extension for the completion of your request.
Fees
There is no initial fee to make a FOIA request, and in many cases no fees are charged. However, agencies are authorized by law to recover the direct costs of providing information in response to a FOIA request. For purposes of fees only, the FOIA divides requests into three categories:
•	commercial use requests
•	news media, educational, or scientific requests
•	all other requests
Those initiating a commercial use request are charged for search time, document review, and duplication. News media, educational, and scientific requests are charged for duplication only, and only after the first 100 pages. All other requests are charged for search time (after two hours) and duplication (after 100 pages). In all cases, if the total fee does not exceed $14.00, ICE will not charge any fee.
You may make a specific statement in your request letter limiting the amount of fees you are willing to pay. If you do not, ICE will assume that you are willing to pay fees of up to $25.00. If your estimated fees exceed $25.00, you will be given the opportunity to narrow your request in order to reduce the fees or you will be asked to express your commitment to pay the estimated amount. Ordinarily, you will not be required to actually pay the fees until the records have been processed and are ready to be sent to you.
Fee Waivers
If you expect or are advised that a fee will be charged, you may request a waiver of those fees. However, fee waivers are limited to situations in which a requester can show that the disclosure of the requested information is in the public interest because it is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations and activities of the government and is not primarily in the commercial interest of the requester. A requester's inability to pay fees is not a legal basis for granting a fee waiver.
Expedited Processing
Under certain conditions you may be entitled to have your request processed on an expedited basis. However, you should realize that whenever a FOIA request is expedited for a particular requester, taking that action results in an additional delay for previous requesters who have been waiting for a response. Therefore, in an effort to treat all requesters equitably, ICE ordinarily will process an initial FOIA request or an administrative appeal of a request's denial ahead of others only in cases in which there will be a threat to someone's life or physical safety, or where an individual will suffer the loss of substantial due process rights if the records are not processed on an expedited bases. In most cases, a request will not be expedited merely on the basis that the requester is facing a court deadline in a judicial proceeding.
A statement setting forth the reasons why your request should be expedited must accompany a request for expedited processing. You should certify that the reasons you have given are true and correct.  If ICE denies your request for expedited processing, you will be advised of your right to submit an administrative appeal of that denial.  
Administrative Appeals
You may file an administrative appeal for any of the following reasons.
•	If you are not satisfied with ICE's initial response to your request.
•	If you disagree with the withholding of information, or if you believe that there are additional records responsive to your request that ICE failed to locate.
•	A determination has been made that your request was not reasonably described.
•	A determination has been made that a record does not exist or cannot be located.
•	A determination has been made that a record is not readily reproducible in the form or format requested.
•	A determination has been made that the requested information is not a record subject to the FOIA.
•	You disagree with a determination regarding the charging of a fee.
•	You believe your request was not responded to in the time stipulated by the FOIA regulations.
•	You also may file an administrative appeal if you have requested expedited processing or a fee waiver and been denied.
You should be advised of your right to file an appeal in the initial determination letter sent by ICE or in a letter denying your request for expedited processing or a fee waiver. Your appeal must be received within 60 days of the date of ICE's determination letter.
All appeals must be made in writing and addressed to:
Office of the Principal Legal Advisor Government Information Law Division 500 12th Street S.W.. Stop 5900 Washington, D.C. 20536-5900
Both the front of the envelope and the appeal letter should contain the notation "Freedom of Information Act Appeal."
Judicial Review
If you still believe that ICE has not handled your FOIA request properly under the law after your administrative appeal has been decided, you have the right to challenge the agency's action in a lawsuit filed in federal court. Before doing so, you ordinarily will be required first to have filed an administrative appeal and to have received a response.
If you do bring a court action, you may file your lawsuit in a federal district court in any of the following places: (1) where you reside, (2) where you have your principal place of business (if any), (3) in the District of Columbia, or (4) where the records are located, if they are not located in the District of Columbia. If you have received an administrative appeal determination, that final administrative response letter will advise you of your right to seek judicial review and will specify where you can do so.
Bulk Cash Smuggling is a reporting offense under the Bank Secrecy Act, and is part of the United States Code (U.S.C.). The code stipulates:
Whoever, with the intent to evade a currency reporting requirement, knowingly conceals more than $10,000 in currency or other monetary instruments on the person of such individual or in any conveyance, article of luggage, merchandise, or other container, and transports or transfers or attempts to transport or transfer such currency or monetary instruments from a place within the United States to a place outside of the United States, or from a place outside the United States to a place within the United States, shall be guilty of a currency smuggling offense.
Not necessarily. The statute that governs bulk cash smuggling does require proof that a suspect intended to cross the border. However, criminal organizations rely on complex transportation and smuggling networks to move and launder their illicit proceeds.
For example, bulk cash intended for a drug trafficking organization in Colombia may begin its journey in Philadelphia, Pa., and travel through many locations, along several routes, before arriving at the border. Those same proceeds may then move through Mexico, Panama or other countries before arriving at their destination.
ICE HSI has broad authority to investigate these criminal networks, and may rely on other financial and criminal statutes, to prosecute violators and seize assets at the border, within the United States and internationally.
Title 31 U.S.C. § 5332 (Bulk Cash Smuggling) makes it a crime to smuggle or attempt to smuggle more than $10,000 in currency or monetary instruments into or out of the United States, with the specific intent to evade the U.S. currency reporting requirements codified in Title 31 U.S.C. §§ 5316 and 5317.
ICE HSI relies on other financial authorities granted under Title 31 U.S.C. (Money and Finance), specifically those related to violations of reporting requirements and structuring financial transactions, as well as criminal authorities, such as Title 18 U.S.C. § 1960 (Unlicensed Money Transporter/Transmitter), Title 18 U.S.C. § 1952 (Interstate and Foreign Travel or Transportation in Aid of Racketeering Enterprises) and Title 18 U.S.C. § 1956 (Money Laundering). These authorities allow ICE HSI to disrupt and dismantle criminal networks that move bulk cash, wherever they may operate.
Criminal organizations smuggle bulk cash to keep their proceeds and related activities away from the scrutiny of financial regulators and law enforcement agencies.
The United States has the most advanced and comprehensive anti-money laundering and financial regulatory framework in the world. Financial transaction reports assist investigators with flagging potential criminal activity, identifying criminally derived assets and disrupting criminal financial flows.
Every year, hundreds of people try to smuggle more than $10,000 across U.S. borders in order to avoid reporting requirements. In fiscal year 2013 alone, ICE HSI special agents arrested over 520 individuals who were attempting to smuggle currency and seized more than $59 million in bulk currency or monetary instruments.

Bulk cash smuggling damages our economy by removing billions of dollars from the commerce of the United States. Those dollars could otherwise be used to purchase goods, pay taxes, or invest in lawful enterprises.
It also diminishes the integrity of our financial system by promoting an unregulated, unreported and underground market for illicit goods and services.
It fuels criminal enterprises that traffic in illicit drugs, engage in violent crime against persons and property, fund terrorism and extremist groups, engage in human trafficking and smuggling and commit commercial fraud.
2Introduction Commission Co-Chairs McGovern and Smith and distinguished members of the Commission: On behalf of the Department of Homeland Security, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the work the Human Rights Violators and War Crimes Center (Center) performs in holding human rights abusers accountable, and how that work contributes to preventing future atrocities. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), Human Rights Violators and War Crimes Unit (HRVWCU), and the ICE Office of the Principal Legal Advisor (OPLA) Human Rights Law Section (HRLS) lead the interagency Center. ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) also supports it. The Center is also comprised of the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI)’s International Human Rights Unit (IHRU), co-located in its entirety within the Center; the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Bureau of Consular Affairs and Diplomatic Security Service; the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)’s U.S. Army Criminal Investigations Division; the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) Criminal Divisions’ Human Rights and Special Prosecutions Section (HRSP) and Civil Division’s Office of Immigration Litigation (OIL). The Center was established in 2008 to dedicate resources to our mission of ensuring the United States does not become a safe haven for human rights abusers and to increase oureffectiveness and efficiency in investigating and prosecuting cases involving human rights violators. The Center focuses on its mission in two primary ways: by identifying, investigating, prosecuting, and removing human rights violators and war criminals found within the jurisdiction of the United States; and by preventing the entry into the United States of known or suspected human rights violators and war criminals. The Center also works with foreign law enforcement, international partners, and international tribunals to further global accountability. The Center brings together special agents and intelligence research specialists, analysts, historians and attorneys with expertise in specific regional target areas or conflicts. These team members, joined by our Center partners, are organized into investigative regional support teams (RST) which cover the geographic areas of the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. In 2016, the Center created a team dedicated to the elimination of female genital mutilation (FGM) of girls in the United States. In 2018, the Center created an investigative team dedicated to developing targets who are responsible for human rights violations that could be sanctioned under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act. The Center is also home to the Human Rights Target Tracking Team (HRT3), comprised of intelligence research specialists dedicated to accurately identifying suspected human rights violators and war criminals while the individuals are still abroad. HRT3 workswith United States government partner agencies to prevent the entry of these individuals into the United States in violation of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) as well as to preclude them from obtaining immigration benefits overseas. 
3The Center has worked closely over the past several years with our partners in U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)to identify known or suspected human rights violators and to place lookouts on them in appropriate databases so that consular officers overseas, CBP officers at United States ports of entry, and USCIS officers will have relevant information to assist in determining whether an individual should be permitted to enter the United States. Dedicated funding, first provided by Congress in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016, has greatly enhanced the Center’s ability to increase investigative and legal efforts to combat crimes against humanity, human rights abuses, and war crimes. This funding resulted in a significant increase in resources dedicated to the Center’s work. In 2014, ICE HSI had eight investigators and intelligence research specialists assigned to the HRVWCU. Today, ICE HSI has 23 dedicated agents, analysts, intelligence research specialists and historians researching, investigating, and supporting the important work of the Center. Including our partners, the Center now has a team of 50 individuals dedicated to our mission. With this support, ICE HSI tripled its number of criminal arrests in fiscal year (FY)2017 and 2018, compared to criminal arrests in FY 2016. Additionally, ICE HSI doubled the number of investigations that have led to indictments of human rights violators in this same time period.In 2016, ICE conducted its inaugural Human Rights Violators and War CrimesAdvanced Investigative Training course at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers in Georgia. This training brought together s pecial agents, attorneys and other law enforcement professionals to learn about the investigative techniques unique to cases involving human rights violators. It established a core group of investigators and attorneys whose expertise enhanced the existing pool of law enforcement personnel specializing in these types of investigations. The Center continues to provide this advanced training course on an annual basis. Most importantly, these dedicated funds allowed the Center to fund investigative teams to travel overseas in cases that had languished. In-country investigations at the site of the atrocities are crucial to obtaining evidence and to identifying witnesses who can corroborate allegations against specific individuals suspected of engaging in human rights abuses. The Center’s commitment to its mission and the role it plays in broader efforts for accountability is illustrated in various cases in Africa, the Americas, and the Balkans. While most of the Center’s work is focused on modern day war crimes, we continue to pursue, in partnership with HRSP, the remaining World War II Nazi leads developed by DOJ.In August 2018, through close cooperation with our partners at the DOJ and DOS, ICE removed to Germany Jakiw Palij, a former Nazi labor camp guard at the SS Training Camp in Trawniki in Nazi-occupied Poland. I would like to elaborate on a few examples of our successful criminal cases. The first case involved Mohammed Jabbateh, aka “Jungle Jabbah,” who served as a General in the United Liberation Movement for Democracy in Liberia (ULIMO), a rebel group that battled for control of Liberia in the 1990s, during the first Liberian civil war. On three occasions, ICE HSI agents from Philadelphia, the Center’s Africa researcher, and members of the United 
4States Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania traveled to Liberia tointerview over 30 eyewitnesses. These eyewitnesses provided firsthand accounts of acts of torture, rape, cannibalism, and murder committed by Jabbateh and his band of soldiers. Our investigation and the successful prosecution of Jabbateh by the U.S. Attorney’s Office are reflective of the cooperative partnership between ICE and the DOJ. On October 18, 2017, a jury found Jabbateh guilty of two counts of violating 18 U.S .C . § 1546 (immigration fraud), and two counts of violating 18 U.S .C . § 1621 (perjury). On April 19, 2018, the District Court in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania sentenced Jabbateh to 30 years’ incarceration, well above the sentencing guidelines for these crimes. This sentence, the highest thus far for immigration fraud committed by a human rights violator, was possible due to the work by ICE and HRSP to amend the sentencing guidelines to provide for upward departures when the defendants engaged in human rights violations. Another significant investigation and criminal prosecution involved the 1994 Rwandan genocide in which Hutu extremists raped and murdered hundreds of thousands of Tutsis and moderate Hutus. In March 2011, ICE received information from the Rwandan government, as well as from the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR), that Gervais “Ken” Ngombwa, a United States citizen residing in the United States, led massacres in the Nyamata area, including at the church and commune office where an estimated 10,000 men, women, and children attempting to seek refuge were murdered.A majority of those killed had sought refuge inside the church walls where they were slaughtered with guns, machetes, and other weapons. Following a multi-year Center and HSI Cedar Rapids investigation, including several investigative trips to Rwanda, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Iowa successfully prosecuted Ngombwa, who was convicted of one count of violating 18 U.S.C. § 1425 (unlawfully procuring, or attempting to procure, naturalization or citizenship); one count of violating 18 U.S.C. § 371 (conspiracy to unlawfully procure citizenship); and one count of violating 18 U.S.C. § 1001 (making a materially false statement to agents of the Department of Homeland Security). Ngombwa’s United States citizenship was automatically revoked, pursuant to 8 U.S.C. § 1451(e). In March 2017, Ngombwa was sentenced to 15 years’ incarceration. This case succeeded due to strong cooperation between the Center, HSI Cedar Rapids, the HSI Pretoria ( South Africa), one of ICE’s 68 Attaché offices located at United States diplomatic posts worldwide, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Iowa, DOJ’s Office of International Affairs, DOS, and the ICTR. The investigation, criminal conviction, and extradition to Spain of Inocente Orlando Montano in November 2017 highlights the Center’s role in broader efforts for accountability. Montano, who served in several command posts and ultimately as El Salvador’s Vice Minister for Public Security during the country’s 1980-1992 civil war, was part of the small core group of elite officers responsible for the 1989 murder in San Salvador of six Spanish Jesuit priests, their housekeeper, and the housekeeper’s teenage daughter. With the specialized assistance of an expert witness and the Center’s historian for the Americas, an investigation led by HSI Boston and prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Boston, Massachusetts resulted in Montano’s conviction of three counts of violating 18 U.S .C . § 1546 (immigration fraud) and three counts of violating 18 U.S .C . § 1621 (perjury). The trial documented over 1,150 human rights violations committed by units or troops under Montano’s command, including 65 extrajudicial killings, 51 disappearances, and 520 cases of torture. In August 2013, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts sentenced Montano to 21 months incarceration and issued a judicial order of removal to El Salvador. Montano’s incarceration 
5afforded Spain sufficient time to perfect an extradition request for the crime of terrorist murder. This was significant as El Salvador had previously refused to cooperate with Spanish arrest warrants for other defendants living in El Salvador. The Secretary of State certified Montano’s extradition to Spain and, despite Montano’s appeal, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear his case. ICE HSI’s investigation and the subsequent criminal conviction were instrumental in ensuring Montano would face justice in Spain as opposed to enjoying impunity in El Salvador. There have also been a number of successes in cases involving the war in the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s. The Center continues to initiate law enforcement action against individuals who assisted in the genocide at Srebrenica in 1995. While there have been tremendous successes in identifying and removing particular targets from the United States, there continue to be litigation challenges which the Center is working to overcome. The Center will continue to prioritize the cases of both direct perpetrators and aiders and abettors.In addition to the Srebrenica cases, the Center and its partners continue to hold human rights violators from the Balkans accountable. For instance, Slobodan Mutic, a former member of the breakaway ethnic Serb forces in Croatia, allegedly murdered two citizens of Croatian ethnicity in the town of Petrinja, Croatia, in January 1992. The Center’s Balkan historian performed substantial original historical research and located a large number of wartime and postwar records in present-day Croatia which substantiated Mutic’s alleged crimes. The Center worked with HSI Cleveland and our DOJ partners at the United States Attorney’s Office in Cleveland, Ohio to indict the case. As a result, Mutic pleaded guilty to one count of violating 18 U.S .C . § 1546 (immigration fraud) for failing to disclose his role in the ethnically motivated murders; he was sentenced to 2-years’ incarceration. ICE coordinated with Croatian officials to return Mutic to Croatia where he is being tried for his wartime acts. Slobo Maric, a former member of the Bosnian army, was a shift leader of a detention facility in Bosnia that housed captured Bosnian Croat soldiers. He selected detainees for other guards to abuse, directly participated in abusing several prisoners, and sent prisoners todangerous and deadly work details on the front line of the conflict. The case was investigated by HSI Jacksonville and the Center and prosecuted by DOJ’s HRSP and the United States Attorney’s Office for the Middle District of Florida. In March 2017, Maric was sentenced by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida to 18 months incarcerationfor unlawfully procuring, or attempting to procure, naturalization or citizenship in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1425. These charges were the result of his failure to disclose during his naturalization process his membership in the Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina and crimes that he committed in Bosnia and Herzegovina during the war in the 1990s. The Court immediately revoked his United States citizenship, and Maric is now in immigration removal proceedings. The Bosnian government has charged Maric for his criminal conduct. In addition to the successes discussed above in criminal matters, immigration laws have also been a powerful tool to deny safe haven to human rights violators in the United States, and in so doing, to contribute to the global fight to prevent future atrocities. For example, Center-supported cases resulted in the removal of two former Ministers of Defense of El Salvador, Carlos Vides Casanova in April 2015 and José Guillermo Garcia Merino in January 2016. Both were removed based on grounds that they had “assisted or otherwise participated” in multiple instances of torture and extrajudicial killings in El Salvador during the 1980s. These cases 
6relied on the testimony of torture survivors as well as the testimony of an expert witness and a former United States Ambassador to El Salvador. The case against Casanova resulted in a published decision by the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) concluding that in his role as a commander during the civil war in El Salvador, Casanova assisted or otherwise participated in extrajudicial killings and torture. The decision specifically recognized by name two Salvadoran torture survivors who testified in court, as well as nine victims of extrajudicial killing, six of whom were United States citizens. The victims included four churchwomen, Ita Ford, Maura Clarke, Dorothy Kazel, and Jean Donovan who were killed in December 1980, as well as Michael Hammer and Mark Pearlman, who were killed together with a Salvadoran colleague in January 1981. The decision also found Casanova removable for his role in the torture and extrajudicial killing of “countless unnamed” civilians. Similarly, the BIA’s opinion in the Garcia Merino case held that he knew or should have known about extrajudicial killing and torture, under the theory of command responsibility, and that he fostered an institutional atmosphere in which defenseless civilians were victimized. The court ruled, among other findings, that through Garcia Merino’s acts and omissions, especially in failing to properly investigate and hold perpetrators accountable, he had “assisted or otherwise participated” in the extrajudicial killings of Archbishop OscarRomero; approximately 1,000 civilians, many of whom were children, at the El Mozotemassacre; and the six United States citizens described above. It is important to acknowledge a broad range of intergovernmental bodies and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) who have assisted ICE with identifying potential suspects, witnesses, and victims, as well as providing crime scene information and language support. Their intrepid work is essential to so many successful human rights investigations and prosecutions. For example, as a result of efforts by NGOs to uncover and document incidents of extrajudicial killings in Colombia referred to as “false positives,” the Center identified two perpetrators residing in the United States - Hector Alejandro Cabuya de León and Lt. Col. Oscar Gomez Cifuentes. “ False positives” are killings of civilians falsely reported by military units as “positive” killings of guerrillas in combat. These killings increased dramatically in Colombia in both scale and frequency between 2002 and 2008. Both Cabuya de León and Gomez Cifuentes were removed by ICE in 2017, following an investigation by ICE HSI aided by the expertise of the Center. In some cases, evidence from criminal proceedings in a foreign country has been key to litigating cases in the United States. Enrique Ariza Rivas was a former director of intelligence in Colombia’s now dissolved Administrative Department of Security (DAS). He had been charged in Colombia with aggravated psychological torture of a journalist and various other crimes relating to unlawful wiretapping. Documents obtained from the Colombian government were used in ICE’s immigration case. ICE ultimately removed Enrique Ariza Rivas to Colombia in April 2017. A final set of cases I would like to mention underscores the role United States courts play in seeking accountability for human rights abuses committed abroad, as well as in the broader efforts of justice and atrocities prevention. Jose Ortiz Morales is a former member of a Guatemalan Special Forces military unit known as the Kaibiles that indiscriminately killed more than 200 men, women, and children in 
7a massacre in the Guatemalan hamlet of Las Dos Erres in December 1982. In September 2017, Morales was sentenced to 11.5 months incarceration for violating 18 U.S.C. §1425 (unlawfully procuring, or attempting to procure, naturalization or citizenship) following an investigation by HSI Baltimore and the Center. Morales, who has been indicted in Guatemala for his alleged participation in these war crimes, is the fifth Las Dos Erres target identified and investigated by ICE. The other perpetrators investigated by ICE HSI include Gilberto Jordan, featured in the 2016 documentary film, Finding Oscar andJorge Vinicio Sosa Orantes. Both men were sentenced to 10 years incarceration for violating 18 U.S.C. § 1425 (unlawfully procuring, or attempting to procure, naturalization or citizenship) and both remain imprisoned today. These successes were a team effort, with ICE and HRSP in partnership with the U.S. Attorneys Offices for the Southern District of Florida and the Central District of California. ICE deported two additional perpetrators, Pedro Pimentel Rios in 2011 and Santos Lopez Alonzo in 2016. Pimentel Rios was convicted in Guatemala in 2012 for his participation in theLas Dos Erres massacre and sentenced to 6,060 years; Lopez Alonzo was convicted in Guatemala in 2018 and sentenced to 5,160 years. Despite these convictions, we remain concerned about efforts in Guatemala and El Salvador to grant amnesty to human rights violators that could result in the release of these convicted war criminals, and/or the suspension of on-going investigations and trials such as the trial of Garcia Merino for his involvement in the El Mozote massacre in El Salvador.Today, ICE is investigating more than 1,600 human rights-related cases in part due to resources allocated by Congress specifically to further the work of the Center. These cases are at various stages of investigation and litigation, including removal proceedings. They involve suspects from approximately 95 countries, primarily in Central and South America, the Balkans, and Africa. ICE HSI has more than 170 active human rights investigations, which could ultimately support criminal charges or removal proceedings. Since 2003, the attorneys in ICE OPLA have obtained final removal orders and in ICE ERO have successfully removed more than 990 known or suspected human rights violators. HRT3 has issued more than 75,000 records of suspected human rights violators for individuals from more than 110 countries. Over 300 suspected human rights violators have been prevented from entering the United States based on these records through either visa revocations or visa refusals by DOS or by stops at ports of entry by CBP officers. The Center continues to grow and expand its mission. To identify proactively perpetrators of modern-day atrocities, HRT3 is developing the “War Crimes Hunter” database, a photo-based database of suspected human rights violators who have actively participated in human rights abuses. The Center anticipates that HRT3 will utilize open source media sites to download images and video files of alleged perpetrators in current conflict zones and then, working with other governmental partners, cross-references the images with governmentalbiometric databases to determine whether these alleged perpetrators can be identified. ICE is working with oversight offices to ensure that this program is implemented consistent with legal, privacy, civil rights and civil liberties requirements.Additionally, the Center is developing prevention records and potential leads by utilizing information received from civil society and NGOs regarding human rights abuses and atrocities committed by the Syrian Regime, and other non-state actors, during the Syrian Revolution. 
8The Center’s FGM response team works closely with federal, state, and foreign law enforcement partners, as well as child protective officials, non-profit organizations, medical and educational professionals, and survivors, to protect young girls by investigating cases offemale genital mutilation/cutting (FGM/C) and conducting outreach and training to end the practice. FGM/C is a serious human rights abuse, a form of gender-based violence, and, when done to children, a serious form of child abuse. ICE HSI and the FBI jointly investigate violations of the federal criminal FGM statute, 18 U.S .C . § 116. On April 12, 2017, Dr. Jumana Nagarwala, a United States citizen and Detroit-area doctor, was indicted by a federal grand jury for performing FGM/C on at least two 7-year old girls, the first indictment to charge a violation under 18 U.S.C. § 116. In November 2019, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan dismissed the counts related to 18 U.S.C. § 116(a), finding that Congress lacked Constitutional authority to enact the FGM statute as written. In addition to utilizing our authorities to investigate cases of FGM/C, ICE HSI and ICE OPLA also use the provisions of the INA to prevent and deter FGM/C when possible. In at least two instances, FGM/C was prevented after parents suspected of trying to send their daughters overseas for FGM/C were interviewed by ICE HSI and FBI and notified about U.S. laws and the potential consequences of subjecting their daughters to this form of child abuse. In 2017, the Center and HSI New York launched an FGM/C-related outreach program called Operation Limelight USA. Operation Limelight USA aims to safeguard and prevent young girls from being subjected to FGM/C by educating airline passengers about the potential harms of FGM/C and United States laws governing the practice. The Operation utilizes specially-trained teams, consisting of ICE HSI special agents, CBP officers, and NGOs, to initiate informal discussions about United States laws with families traveling to or from regions where FGM/C is prevalent and to provide them with educational materials about the harms of the practice. This summer t he Center plans to expand Operation Limelight USA to 14 airports around the United States. The Center’s Global Magnitsky (GloMag) Regional Support Team, created in 2018, leverages agency enforcement powers pertaining to illicit trade and money laundering activitiesto identify foreign persons who are responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, or who have committed acts of corruption. Once identified, the GloMag team works with our colleagues at the Departments of Treasury, Justice, and State to recommend individuals and entities upon whom the President may impose sanctions. One of the first individuals sanctioned under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act was Slobodan Tesic, whom ICE HSI identified following a lengthy investigation. Tesic provided bribes and financial assistance to officials to secure arms contracts and spent nearly a decade on the United Nations (UN) Travel Ban List for violating UN sanctions against arms exports to Liberia; he was among the biggest dealers of arms and munitions in the Balkans. As the Center grows and its mission expands, assistance from our international partners remains a key component in successful human rights-related investigations and prosecutions. The Center reciprocates the support it receives whenever possible to further the global fight against impunity for human rights abusers. It maintains strong working relationships with several dozen local, regional, and international organizations who share our commitment to pursuing accountability for atrocities. Our relationships with a number of UN-sponsored tribunals include the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals, which carries 
9out essential functions formerly carried out by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the ICTR, and the Special Court for Sierra Leone. Other international partners include various war crimes and human rights-related agencies in Australia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Canada, Finland, Germany, Guatemala, Peru, Rwanda, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand. We maintain an even wider network of international partners through our coordination with INTERPOL, EUROPOL, and EUROJUST, the European Union’s (EU) network of prosecutors. The Center regularly participates in EUROJUST’s biannual Genocide Network meeting at The Hague to discuss investigations and prosecutions of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity. Prosecutors and investigators from the EU, the United Kingdom, the United States, and Canada discuss and share c urrent crime bases, investigations, and best practices. Our successes, and our ongoing daily efforts, underscore the Center’s deep commitment to denying human rights violators safe haven in the United States using all of the legal authorities available. While we acknowledge and celebrate our collaborative work to date, weunderstand that much remains to be done. While the INA bars individuals who ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in a broad range of persecution from receiving certain forms of lawful immigration status such as asylee or refugee status, there is no specific immigration charge under which an individual can be prevented from entering, or be removed from, the United States for engaging in acts of persecution. Similarly, there is no specific ground of inadmissibility or removability for those who participate in crimes against humanity, war crimes, or in FGM/C. Therefore, some of these individuals still may be admissible to the United States and eligible for other forms of immigration benefits, including business or tourist visas or status through a family member or an employer. To obtain visas and enter the United States, many human rights violators perpetrate fraud against the United States during the application process. The statute of limitations for 18 U.S.C. § 1546 (immigration fraud) is five years, although the statute of limitations for related crimes such as 18 U.S.C. § 1425 (naturalization fraud) is 10 years. Unless this fraud is exposed within five years, the Center is confronted with a serious obstacle to prosecution. Title 18 U.S.C. § 2441 (war crimes) carries a five-year statute of limitations when the violation does not result in death. Title 18 U.S.C. § 2340A ( torture) carries an 8-year statute of limitations if the acts did not result in death or serious bodily injury or the foreseeable risk of such. In many instances, the United States government must forgo criminal charges because evidence of the offender’s misrepresentations did not come to light within the statute of limitations. Over the past 25 years, the United States has sheltered over a million refugees fleeing armed conflict, violent oppression, persecution, and torture. I recognize the unique responsibility our agency bears to protect those who come to our country to escape their perpetrators. By pursuing accountability for past atrocities, we believe the Center contributes to the urgent work of preventing future atrocities and ensures the United States is not a safe haven for human rights violators. Co-Chairmen McGovern and Smith, I applaud your continued leadership on these important issues. Thank you again for the opportunity to address this Commission, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.

2States, or transfer to foreign nationals within the United States) involves China, Iran, and Russia. From these investigations and based on trend analysis, HSI knows that these countries are actively implementing a multitude of schemes to illicitly or subversively acquire and transfer export- controlled military and dual use technology and commodities, and are employing myriad schemes to circumvent U.S. export control laws. Exploitation of academia and U.S. research institutions is just one of the schemes these countries are employing to obtain access to sensitive research and export-controlled information and technology, and to facilitate its transfer abroad. These countries are attempting to obtain this information, in many instances in an illegal or subversive manner, in order to advance their own military capabilities or economic goals, many times in contravention to the national security of the United States. Foreign nationals from China, Iran, and Russia represent a sizeable portion of the overall nonimmigrant student population currently in the United States. As of May 2019, there are 357,863 F-1 Chinese students in the United States with 181,980 such students enrolled in STEM-related academic programs at U.S. institutions. There are also 11,323 F-1 Iranian students and 6,196 F-1 Russian students, with the respective STEM student breakdown of 9,057 for Iran and 2,008 for Russia. HSI Efforts to Identify and Mitigate the Threat HSI has established a multi-dimensional approach to safeguarding the Homeland against transnational threats of this nature. HSI’s first line of effort is preventative, and aims to identify and disrupt the ability of known or suspected national security or public safety threats from obtaining nonimmigrant visas to lawfully travel to, and obtain entry into, the United States. A core component of this effort is the HSI-led Visa Security Program (VSP). Through the VSP, HSI analysts and special agents work in conjunction with U.S. interagency and foreign government partners to maximize the opportunity to screen, vet, and investigate potential threatsprior to the U.S. Department of State (DOS) making a visa determination and well before the applicant presents for admission to the United States. This includes those applying for student or exchange visitor visas. If sufficient derogatory information is uncovered relating to the intentions of visa applicants, HSI – working in conjunction with DOS – can recommend refusingvisas on a number of grounds, including for suspected involvement in the illicit procurement or attempted procurement of controlled technology. In addition to these preventative measures, HSI also implements multiple programs to identify and protect against foreign entities already in the United States who may seek to exploit legitimate academic and research opportunities for the ultimate benefit of adversarial state actors. The Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP) fulfills a compliance-centric role, and is responsible for monitoring certified educational institutions and the nonimmigrant students they enroll. The Counterterrorism and Criminal Exploitation Unit (CTCEU) coordinates investigative and enforcement actions in cases in which nonimmigrant visa holders, including students and exchange visitors, overstay their visas or violate the terms of their visas and are suspected of posing a concern to U.S. national security or public safety. If students or exchange visitors appear to be involved in efforts to acquire and transfer sensitive information or technology 
3obtained during the course of their research or academic pursuits, HSI’s CPI plays a role incoordinating an investigative and enforcement response to those activities. Together, these programs form the backbone of HSI’s efforts to identify and mitigate the threats posed by foreign entities seeking to exploit legitimate academic and research opportunities within the United States. Each of these programs is described in more detail below. HSI Visa Security Program:The HSI VSP leverages resources in the United States and abroad to screen and vet non-immigrant visa applicants, identify and prevent the travel of those who constitute potential national security or public safety concerns, and launch investigations into transnational criminal-and terrorist-affiliated networks operating around the globe. The VSP was formed in response to the September 11, 2001 attacks, authorized by Section 428 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002and implemented by a 2003 Memorandum of Understanding between the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security. Currently, HSI VSP operations are conducted at 36 visa-issuing posts in 27 countries. In FY 2018, VSP screened 2,196,708 visa applications, made 1,251 nominations or enhancements to the terrorist watchlist, and recommended the refusal of 9,007 visa applications. Additionally, deployed special agents conducted 5,101 interviews and initiated 348 investigations in support of VSP operations. One key facet of VSP operations is the overseas assignment of HSI Special Agents to diplomatic posts worldwide. Embedded within American Embassies and Consulates, these agents work alongside DOS Consular Affairs personnel, other partner agencies at post, and appropriate host country officials to identify and investigate terrorists, criminals, or other individuals who pose a threat to the United States. A second critical component to VSP is the Pre-Adjudicated Threat Recognition Intelligence Operations Team (PATRIOT), administered by HSI International Operations (IO) in collaboration with U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), which conducts centralized screening and vetting in the National Capital Region (NCR) in support of VSP operations. PATRIOT enables the automated screening of visa application information against DHS holdings, as well as holdings of other U.S. agencies, at the earliest point in the visa process, well in advance of the visa applicant’s interview and visa adjudication. Derogatory information discovered during automated screening process is manually vetted by PATRIOT personnel utilizing law enforcement techniques, open source information, and classified systems.PATRIOT analysts then provide HSI Special Agents assigned to VSP posts with relevant information to use during interviews of visa applicants or other investigative activities conducted abroad prior to visa adjudication. Following the analysis of all known derogatory information, HSI Special Agents at VSP posts provide a unified DHS recommendation to DOS on visa eligibility. In addition to the PATRIOT process, VSP personnel also participate in other U.S. government screening and vetting efforts focused on protecting the Homeland from diverse national security and public safety threats. Generally, these processes entail collaboration between HSI, DOS, and other partner agencies involved in screening and vetting. This includes 
4conducting intensive reviews of visa applications from visa-issuing posts worldwide that are considered high risk for the applicant’s potential involvement in the unlawful procurement, transfer, or export of sensitive military or dual-use U.S. information and technology. At times, these applications may involve individuals seeking to exploit the U.S. educational system by enrolling in graduate level studies or engaging in research, teaching, or exchange programs as a way to acquire and transfer sensitive, export-controlled technology or information on behalf of adversaries or organizations that pose a national security risk to the United States. In some instances, a more intensive screening and vetting of a visa application is prompted by risk factors indicative of a visa applicant’s potential involvement in activities related to the unlawful procurement, transfer, or export of sensitive U.S.-origin military or dual-use goods or technology on behalf of foreign adversaries or criminal organizations. After such reviews, VSP personnel then provide consular officers advice and background information to properly adjudicate immigrant and nonimmigrant visa applications of security or foreign policy interest. Whether through the PATRIOT process or other screening and vetting efforts in which the VSP is engaged, the VSP ultimately provides recommendations for visa issuance or refusal toDOS based on information uncovered during the review, vetting, and investigative process. In all cases where the VSP team recommends the refusal of a visa, the VSP coordinates in advance with CBP’s National Targeting Center-Passenger (NTC-P) regarding the applicant’s admissibility or inadmissibility, per the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). This ensures that DHS presents a single, uniform position on visa eligibility and admissibility to DOS. The combination of the international and domestic dimensions of VSP equips HSI with a unique capability to investigate suspicious travelers, enhance existing information, and identify previously unknown threats, rather than simply denying visas and potential travel of these applicants. These efforts allow VSP to operate as a counterterrorism tool that mitigates threats posed by transnational terrorist and criminal networks. Utilizing information obtained through the visa application process, the VSP enhances the national security and border security of the United States by identifying national security or public safety concerns at the earliest part of the visa lifecycle and preventing their travel to and admission into the United States.HSI Student and Exchange Visitor Program: Foreign nationals who receive nonimmigrant visas to pursue educational, vocational, or research programs in the United States will interact with the Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). As of May 2019, there are 1,139,571 nonimmigrant students attending 6,410 SEVP-certified schools.SEVP uses the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS) to monitor F and M students and the schools that enroll them while in the United States. SEVIS also contains the information for the Exchange Visitor program (J-visas), which is administered by DOS. SEVIS contains information such as a student’s name, physical and mailing addresses, date of birth, phone number, email address, academic major, and employment information (if applicable). SEVIS information is updated by Designated School Officials (DSOs), but the system will auto-terminate a student’s record if the student fails to enroll or report to school, 
5meaning the student must depart the United States or he or she may be put into removal proceedings. SEVP is also responsible for the school certification process. The certification process is rigorous and continual. To obtain initial certification, schools must submit required evidence andapplications, undergo site visits, and recommend DSOs. These school officials must be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents and must affirm their knowledge and intent to comply with all federal regulations. The schools are furthermore subject to biennial recertification, unannounced site visits and out-of-cycle reviews at any time. Schools that do not comply with the regulations may be withdrawn and, subsequently, ineligible to enroll nonimmigrant students until successfully re-petitioning for approval and meeting all certification standards. Beyond the certification process, SEVP uses SEVIS data to engage in risk management and has enhanced its risk management framework by developing a compliance dashboard toidentify schools with risk indicators. SEVP employs this risk analysis tool to identify schools that may have violated SEVP regulations when conducting recertification reviews, adjudicating school updates, and determining whether to initiate out-of-cycle reviews. SEVP regularly conducts compliance site visits to schools to ensure that approved programs are functioning as reported in SEVIS. In addition, SEVP continuously vets leads reported by the public concerning both schools and students, acting decisively to protect public safety and the integrity of the immigration system. While many of SEVP’s processes and programs have proven to be effective, HSI strives to improve and enhance these programs. For example, SEVP has mitigated previously identified national security gaps and system vulnerabilities within SEVIS and is using an adaptive maintenance approach to continuously add enhancements to the system. These enhancements have improved data integrity and the stability of the system. SEVP is currently working towards transforming SEVIS into a person-centric database. In March 2018, SEVP launched the SEVP Portal for students participating in Optional Practical Training (OPT) related to STEM degrees. The Portal allows nonimmigrant students to directly upload their required SEVIS information, including their employer’s name and address, as well as other key information for monitoring purposes. The portal interfaces with SEVIS and shares information but does not give students direct access to SEVIS. The Portal has been a success with more than 166,402 registered portal users (i.e., 74.7 percent of the students eligible for Portal Accounts). The portal will be expanded to all F and M students, resulting in SEVIS data that is more accurate, captures changes in a student’s information quicker and ensures students are accountable for the data inputted. Additionally, SEVP started conducting criminal background checks on proposed DSOs in May 2017, due to the fact that these individuals have access to a secure government database and a role in reporting information in that database. HSI is actively working to expand this process and incorporate such vetting as part of its regular review of approved schools and DSOs, both to safeguard against potential vulnerabilities and to ensure the integrity of the information in SEVIS. SEVP’s current programs, ongoing enhancements, and proposed expansion will further secure our nation from those wishing to exploit the nation’s education system. For more information about the privacy risks that HSI takes on while operating SEVP and the subsequent 
6mitigations, please view the SEVIS privacy impact assessment (PIA) and subsequent updates available at www.dhs.gov/privacy. HSI Counterterrorism and Criminal Exploitation Unit: HSI’s CTCEU actively identifies and initiates enforcement action on nonimmigrant visa overstay violators, and works closely with SEVP and CPI to ensure leads and other information related to potential status violators are referred to HSI field offices for appropriate action. Within the agency, CTCEU focuses on overstay violators who pose a national security, border security, or public safety concern. This includes individuals who entered the United States as nonimmigrant students or exchange visitors. CTCEU leverages special agents, analysts, information systems, and interagency partnerships to determine viable national security related overstay leads to pursue. In an average year, CTCEU analyzes over one million potential status violator records, incorporating data from various government systems, such as SEVIS and CBP’s Arrival and Departure Information System (ADIS). CTCEU conducts both batch and manual vetting against government databases, public indices, and open source information. The vetting helps determine whether an individual who overstayed has departed the United States, adjusted to a lawful status, has a pending immigration benefit application, or would be appropriate for an enforcement action.CTCEU proactively develops cases for investigation, monitors the latest threat reports, and addresses emergent issues. This practice is designed to detect and identify individuals and schools exhibiting specific risk factors; it is formulated based on intelligence reporting, travel patterns, and in-depth criminal research and analysis. It has contributed to the counterterrorism mission by initiating and supporting high-priority national security initiatives, based on specific intelligence. CTCEU considers several fraud indicators when reviewing schools, such as a high volume of students engaged in OPT or Curriculum Practical Training (CPT), low completion rates, over-enrolled schools with student populations exceeding indicated I-17 amount, schools receiving Federal funding for sensitive research, or schools exhibiting various other fraud indicators. CTCEU also reviews SEVP Analysis Operation Center (SAOC) Tip Logs and HSI Tip Line information to further enhance or corroborate information received on schools or school officials. LeadTrac is the database owned by CTCEU and is used to vet and manage leads pertaining to visitors in the United States who are suspected of overstaying their period of admission or otherwise violating the terms of their admission, as well as organizations suspected of immigration violations. LeadTrac’s structure supports a subject-centered data model, ensuring multiple leads about a single subject are linked within the system. For more information about the privacy risks that HSI CTCEU takes on while operating LeadTrac and the subsequent mitigations, please view the LeadTrac PIA available at www.dhs.gov/privacy. In FY 2018, CTCEU reviewed 1,429,395 leads regarding potential overstays. Numerous leads were closed through an automated screening process, most commonly due to subsequent departure from the United States. A total of 8,968 leads were sent to HSI field offices for 
7investigation. Of these, 2,212 were pending further investigation, 2,795 were closed for being in compliance (pending immigration benefit application, granted asylum, approved adjustment of status application, or departed the United States) and the remaining leads were returned to CTCEU for continuous vetting and further investigation. In FY 2018 alone, HSI made 1,808 arrests pursuant to visa violator leads. In FY 2019 through March 31, 2019, CTCEU has reviewed 765,543 leads regarding potential overstays and sent 4,940 leads to HSI field offices for further investigation. HSI has made 1,025 arrests pursuant to visa violator leads in FY 2019. CTCEU refers leads that do not meet HSI criteria for further investigation to ICEEnforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) National Criminal Analysis and Targeting Center(NCATC) which works in close coordination with CTCEU for further vetting. If necessary, the lead is forwarded to the respective ERO field office for enforcement action. Key Initiatives on Overstay EnforcementOutreach is an important component of CTCEU’s operations. HSI special agents have been conducting outreach visits to SEVP-certified institutions as part of HSI’s Project Campus Sentinel (PCS) program. This outreach program, which was established in 2011, aims to build a mutual partnership between local HSI special agents and SEVP-certified institutions by collaboratively preventing the criminal exploitation of SEVP through direct and open communication. It furthermore creates an avenue for improved direct communication between DSOs and local HSI special agents. In recent years, this outreach program has been expanded to include SEVP Field Representatives and Campus Public Safety entities. This partnership provides all stakeholders the opportunity to openly exchange information, improve cooperation, and bolster the safety and security of students, faculty, and institutions. Since inception, HSI special agents have conducted over 4,000 PCS outreaches.Other key initiatives in HSI’s overstay enforcement efforts include the Domestic Mantis and Visa Lifecycle programs. The Domestic Mantis and Visa Lifecycle programs help identify nonimmigrant students who have access to sensitive technology, better capture the overarching visa lifecycle, provide another layer of security for the nation, and serve as innovative investigative tools to support the enforcement of U.S. immigration laws. CTCEU developed the Domestic Mantis Program in response to a Government Accountability Office (GAO) assessment that identified a potential vulnerability with nonimmigrant students who enter the United States to study in a non-sensitive field of study and subsequently transfer to a sensitive field of study. These individuals could pose a substantial risk related to the diversion of sensitive technology, materials, or information. The Domestic Mantis Program aims to enhance national security by preventing the exportof goods, technology, or sensitive information through activities such as graduate-level studies, teaching, research, training, or employment. The program works by identifying students that have changed their field of study to a sensitive area and evaluates those individuals against risk-based targeting criteria. To accomplish this, CTCEU manually extracts and reviews SEVIS data pertaining to students from countries that have an elevated risk of proliferation activity. The potential leads are analyzed using a comprehensive vetting process, including a review against 
8Intelligence Community holdings for additional derogatory information, open source information, and academic journals. These Domestic Mantis checks are performed twice a yearto identify new students who enroll at varying times within the school year.Visa Lifecycle ProgramThe Visa Lifecycle Program tracks nonimmigrant visitors from the time they file visa applications to the time they depart from the United States, become overstays, or otherwise fail to comply with their terms of admission (i.e., become “out-of-status”). This program allows HSI to continuously vet and identify derogatory information on nonimmigrant visitors for the validity of the visa. In instances where violators are identified, appropriate enforcement actions are initiated. The Visa Lifecycle Program focuses on nonimmigrants seeking business/tourist (i.e., B1/B2) or student/exchange (i.e., F, J, and M) visas from five DOS visa issuing posts. These posts were selected to complement existing HSI screening efforts in response to recent global acts of terrorism perpetrated in those countries. Working in coordination with HSI’s VSP, CTCEU receives information on these visa applicants pulled from PATRIOT and the DOS Consular Consolidated Database (CCD). CTCEU ingests this data into its lead management system and continuously vets these nonimmigrant visa holders using an automated open source vetting platform in conjunction with Intelligence Community holdings. HSI Counter P roliferation Investigations Program:Cases involving the attempted acquisition and transfer of sensitive, export-controlled commodities, technology, or information fall within the purview of the HSI CPI program. HSI is designated as the primary law enforcement agency for investigating violations of U.S. export laws related to military items, controlled dual-use goods, and sanctioned/embargoed countries. HSI, through its CPI p rogram, has statutory authority to investigate violations of U.S. export control laws , and is uniquely equipped – as the only agency enforce with border search authority, undercover authority, forfeiture authority, and an extensive international footprint – to combat the trafficking of weapons and technology, to include chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear materials, and other items required to produce weapons of mass destruction (WMD). HSI’s CPI mission is directly aligned with U.S. national security and defense strategies, as they pertain to protecting the American war fighter and the Homeland from having sensitive U.S.-origin military and WMD technology fall into the hands of U.S. adversaries; securing the U.S. border from firearms being smuggled to transnational criminal organizations; disrupting the supply chains of illicit procurement networks by preventing terrorist groups and hostile nations from acquiring U.S. military hardware, firearms, sensitive technical data, dual-use technology, and materials used to develop weapons of mass destruction; protecting U.S. industry from sensitive intangible technology transfers; and keeping U.S. industry’s intellectual property, as well as ground breaking research and development, from being exploited by U.S. adversaries.
9HSI, and its predecessor agency, the U.S. Customs Service, has been exercising its export enforcement authority for over 100 years. Although other federal law enforcement, regulatory, intelligence, and military agencies are involved in the overall U.S. export control efforts, HSI is empowered with full statutory authority to investigate violations of all U.S. export control laws, such as the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) and International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR); the Export Controls Act of 2018 (ECRA) and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR); theInternational Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA); and Trading with the Enemy Act (TWEA). From 2012 to 2018, HSI CPI investigations have resulted in over 17,000 cases initiated, 4,006 arrests, and 8,288 seizures. U.S. export control laws are comprehensive and include restrictions on tangible exports (i.e ., the actual shipment of items from the U.S.), intangible exports (i.e., the transmission oftechnical data from the United States, or transfer to foreign nationals within the United States), re-exports and transshipments (i.e ., exports from one foreign country to another), and controls on services and other business activities (i.e., training, brokering, and financing services). Because of the complexity of U.S. export control laws and the multiple licensing agencies involved, HSI CPI special agents conduct outreach visits and provide presentations to private industry and academic institutions. This program, known as Project Shield America (PSA), is designed to increase public awareness of export control laws and regulations, and to equip private industry and the academic community with the knowledge needed to aid in recognition, detection, and resolution of attempted illegal acquisitions of sensitive, export-controlled goods and technology. Since 2001, HSI special agents have conducted more than 32,000 PSA outreach presentations, resulting in successful HSI criminal investigations worldwide. Currently, the United States is facing an unprecedented threat from foreign governments, such as Iran, China, and Russia, who have launched far-reaching campaigns to illicitly acquire sensitive, and in some cases export-controlled, commodities, technology, research, and/or information needed to further their strategic military and economic goals. One area targeted by these state actors is academia. These adversarial nations take advantage of academic openness in the name of “fundamental research” to target U.S. institutions of higher learning to capture U.S. technology, processes, and other intellectual property. This process is generally labeled non-traditional collection. In the context of academia, this entails foreign adversaries facilitating or supporting academic research and expertise development in sensitive fields by student and exchange visitor nonimmigrant visa holders. Through this process, these students and researchers acquire, export, or transfer information or technology to foreign entities in a subversive manner and without licenses, if the information or technology is export controlled. These activities pose a threat to U.S. national security and compromise the integrity of the U.S. academic and research system.To mitigate this threat, HSI has recently taken proactive steps to increase outreach to export control officers and other officials within the academic community, particularly at universities or research institutions with large foreign student populations enrolled in STEM-related programs. These outreach efforts are conducted in conjunction with SEVP and CTCEU representatives. The goal of this increased focus on academia outreach is to raise awareness of the potential proliferation risk posed by students and researchers seeking to acquire and transfer sensitive research, technology, and/or intellectual property (some of which may be export
10controlled) on behalf of foreign governments or sanctioned entities. This initiative also aims to enhance the capacity of academic institutions to recognize potential instances of potential illicit procurement, intellectual property theft, or other possible violations of U.S. laws, and to provide a conduit to report any suspicious activities detected by universities or research institutes. While raising awareness within the U.S. academic sector and the private sector is an important step, HSI is also making a concerted effort to prevent the acquisition and transfer of technology by foreign nationals through non-traditional collection means. To that end, HSI hasinitiated efforts to combine and coordinate resources and information available to CPI, CTCEU, SEVP, and VSP in a joint effort to identify, investigate, and prevent destination-controlled technology and export-controlled technology transfers out of the United States that violate U.S. laws and/or weaken the U.S. technological advantage in key fields. This effort will focus on the role foreign students, primarily from sensitive countries, studying at U.S. universities and colleges play in these activities, and will aim to utilize the full breadth of HSI’s administrative and criminal authorities to combat the threat posed by these foreign actors.HSI is committed to free and open academic environment, but this must be balanced against national security measures; if not, these institutions will be taken advantage of and critical U.S. technology and research can be acquired easily by adversaries. ConclusionIn closing, mindful of the United States’ historical role in the development of critical technology in coordination with foreign partners and U.S. academic institutions, HSI remains committed to maintaining a free and open academic environment within the United States; however, this must be balanced with an appropriate focus on national security and public safety. The threat posed by adversarial nation-states illegally and subversively seeking to exploit legitimate educational and research opportunities in the United States, many of which are funded with U.S. taxpayer dollars, is real, and the United States must continue to pursue all appropriate means to combat it. HSI will continue to work with academia, law enforcement partners, and other agency partners, to use its extensive administrative and criminal authorities to identify and disrupt theactivities of individuals or organizations who seek to harm the United States in this arena and the multitude of others in which HSI is engaged. HSI is well positioned to mitigate this threat through the many programs highlighted today, all of which provide a multi-layered level of security aimed at protecting the Homeland from illicit transnational activities of its adversaries. From the preventative angle of the VSP, to the compliance focus of SEVP, and through the investigative and enforcement programs executed by the CTCEU and CPI programs, HSI is and will continue to be engaged in countering this critical problem. Enhancements and expansion of these programs, combined with enhanced administrative and criminal enforcement authorities, will only improve HSI’s ability to identify and thwart the efforts of foreign actors who pose national security or public safety concerns to the United States. HSI looks forward to continuing to work with the Committee regarding these HSI programs.
11Thank you again for inviting me today to explain HSI’s critical role in protecting thenational security and public safety of the United States. I would be pleased to answer your questions.
6enforcement attention. On a daily basis, the Cartels conduct surveillance of law enforcement operations along the border, principally focusing on CBP operations at and between the POEs. As the Department changes its tactics and techniques, or introduces new technology and infrastructure, the Cartels adapt their operations and probe our border security to determine the best way to accomplish their goals. Land Ports of Entry At POEs along the Southwest land border, smugglers use a wide variety of tactics and techniques for concealing drugs. Our special agents work every day with CBP officers from the Office of Field Operations to identify, seize, and investigate drug smuggling organizations that attempt to exploit POEs to introduce drugs into the United States. Within the POE environment, there are three distinct threat areas exploited by the Cartels: Pedestrians; POVs; and Commercial Cargo. Pedestrians are primarily used to smuggle cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine on or within their bodies. POVs are used to smuggle cocaine, heroin, fentanyl, methamphetamine, and marijuana, often using deep concealment methods like non-factory compartments, gas tanks and other voids. At Commercial POEs, the Cartels utilize commercial tractor trailers to commingle narcotics with legitimate commercial goods or to conceal the narcotics within the tractor trailers themselves.The Cartels also use spotters/scouts and counter-surveillance techniques both at and between the POEs in order to increase their chances of success in smuggling ventures. Spotters/scouts watch and report on law enforcement activities at the border. Between the Ports of EntryThe Cartels use the areas between the POEs primarily to smuggle marijuana in bulk. In these areas, the Cartels use a variety of techniques that are tailored to the terrain and other 
7environmental factors. In Texas, the Rio Grande River creates a natural barrier that poses unique challenges for both the Cartels and the U.S. Border Patrol. Outside of urban areas along the land border, one tactic used by the Cartels is vehicle incursions, or “drive-throughs,” whereby smugglers breach the border by either going over or through border fences. Smugglers move vehicles over the fence using ramps or, on more rare occasions, lift vehicles over the fence using cranes. Going through the fence involves cutting fence panels and lifting them up or creating a gate in the fence allowing a vehicle to pass through. Vehicle incursions often rely on networks of scouts that are staged on the area’s highest points to warn them of U.S. Border Patrol or other law enforcement presence. In areas where the Cartels cannot conduct vehicle incursions, they have experimented with ways to throw or launch marijuana bundles over the fence to co-conspirators waiting in the United States. Recently, we have seen Cartel attempts to use air or propane cannons to launch bundles of marijuana weighing more than a hundred pounds over the border fence. Another tactic Cartels use in remote areas between the POEs is to have backpackers carry bundles of marijuana on their backs using improvised backpacks made of burlap or other materials. Backpackers often travel in groups and have been known to travel for days before getting to pre-designated locations where other members of the organization in the United States pick them up. Smuggling by general aviation aircraft from Mexico has not been a significant threat since the late 1990s; however, in the last decade, we have seen the Cartels experiment with the use of ultralight aircraft to smuggle marijuana in Arizona and eastern California. More recently, we have also seen the Cartels experiment with the use of small recreational drones to smuggle very small quantities of drugs, often just a couple of pounds. 
8In 1990, the first cross-border tunnel was discovered in Douglas, Arizona. Since that time, 243 tunnels (both completed and in progress) have been located along the Southwest Border, primarily in Arizona and Southern California. The discovery of illicit subterranean tunnels is evidence that smugglers are moving away from traditional smuggling techniques due to enhanced law enforcement efforts. In recognition of the significant smuggling threat present in Arizona and San Diego, ICE leads two Tunnel Task Forces in San Diego and Nogales under the auspices of the Border Enforcement Security Task Force (BEST) Program, described in more detail below.Maritime Smuggling As infrastructure, technology, and staffing have been added to the border in the San Diego area, we have seen an increase in maritime smuggling of marijuana from Mexico to California coastal areas north of San Diego. The Cartels use pleasure boats or small commercial fishing vessels known as “Pangas” that are able to achieve relatively high speeds under the cover of darkness to attempt to evade detection by CBP and U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) surface patrol vessels and patrol aircraft. CorruptionOne of the major factors allowing the Cartels to sustain their existence and proliferate is public corruption in both Mexico and the United States. In Mexico, the Cartels rely on corrupt Mexican law enforcement and other public officials at every level of government to operate. U.S. law enforcement is not immune to corruption by the Cartels, who have used corrupt law enforcement officers from CBP, ICE, and other federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies to avoid seizures and arrests.
9Attacking Transnational Criminal Organizations (TCOs)In response to the smuggling threat along the Southwest Border, we have assigned more than 1,700 special agents and 180 intelligence research specialists to our Southwest Border offices.In fiscal year (FY) 2018, HSI drug smuggling investigations conducted by the HSI Special Agents in Charge of five Southwest border offices resulted in 4,561 criminal arrests, 3,523 indictments, 3,173 convictions, and 153 administrative immigration arrests. We continue to collaborate with our partners in federal, tribal, international law enforcement, state, and local law enforcement agencies to identify, target, investigate, disrupt, and dismantle the Cartels. The following is a list of the various initiatives we use to combat TCOs: DHS Joint Task ForcesIn 2015, the Secretary of Homeland Security created three Joint Task Forces (JTFs) to address the smuggling threats identified in the Southern Border and Approaches Campaign Plan. Two of the JTFs, JTF East (JTF-E) and JTF West (JTF-W), are geographically focused task forces that concentrate on the southern land and maritime border of the United States and the approaches to our border all the way to Central and South America. HSI has provided Senior Executives to serve as the Deputy Directors of JTF-E and JTF-W, as well as staff-level support in the JTF-E and JTF-W Joint Staffs.ICE has been designated as the executive agent for the third Joint Task Force, Joint Task Force Investigations (JTF-I), with other DHS Components supporting. JTF-I is a joint, integrated, “functional” task force that has the responsibility of targeting top-tier criminal investigations and supporting JTF-E and JTF-W. The success of JTF-I in these diverse environments depends upon a high level of cooperation among HSI and our federal, state, local, 
10and foreign partners in consolidating resources and leveraging unique international maritime authorities in combating TCOs.Border Enforcement Security Task Forces (BEST) Our BEST units employ a threat-based/risk mitigation investigative task force model that recognizes the unique resources and capabilities of all participating law enforcement partners. This model enables each unit to apply a comprehensive approach to combating TCOs, while recognizing the distinctive circumstances and threats facing the various border environments, be it land borders, seaports or airports. Additionally, BEST units are designed to incorporate other DHS-partner agencies, including CBP and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and are vehicles for establishing unity of effort, the cornerstone of a successful DHS mission. BEST units further solidify HSI’s role as the primary investigative entity for DHS. We continue to expand the BEST program, which currently operates in 65 locations throughout the United States. BEST leverages more than 1,200 federal, state, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement agents and officers representing over 200 law enforcement agencies. BEST also provides a co-located space that allows for collaboration in conducting intelligence-driven investigations aimed at identifying, disrupting, and dismantling TCOs that operate in the air, land, and sea environments. In FY 2018, the BEST program nationally accounted for 5,574 criminal arrests, 1,579 administrative arrests, from which prosecutors obtained 3,205 indictments and 2,419 convictions. Money Laundering EffortsThe Cartels move illicit proceeds, hide assets, and conduct transactions globally. Among the various methods Cartels use to transfer and launder their illicit proceeds are bulk cash smuggling, Trade Based Money Laundering, funnel accounts and professional money launderers, 
11and misuse of Money Service Businesses (MSB) and emerging payment systems. The Cartels exploit vulnerabilities in the financial system and conduct layered financial transactions to circumvent regulatory scrutiny, which presents difficulties for authorities attempting to distinguish between licit and illicit use of the financial system. HSI has refined our ability to target money laundering and financial violations through various techniques, to include interagency investigations, training and capacity-building, targeted financial sanctions, and direct engagement with at-risk financial institutions and jurisdictions. U.S. Anti-Money Laundering laws and regulations impose customer identification, recordkeeping, and reporting obligations on covered financial institutions that help deter criminals from moving illicit proceeds through the financial system. These preventive measures also create valuable evidentiary trails for law enforcement to employ during an investigation. As such, HSI has an abundance of investigative tools in our arsenal to disrupt and dismantle Cartel money laundering operations, as well as to discourage new actors from engaging in illicit activity. In furtherance of existing efforts to combat money laundering operations, HSI has implemented a national program to assist field offices in their efforts to identify the means and methods used by Cartels to move, launder, and conceal illicit proceeds. This program provides investigators with funding, training, and specialized investigative support with an emphasis on targeting professional money launderers throughout the world. In addition to its ongoing support of field investigations, HSI continues to work with domestic and foreign law enforcement, regulatory agencies, and non-governmental organizations to enhance cooperation and improve efforts to target money laundering operations and the criminal networks they support. Our National Bulk Cash Smuggling Center (BCSC), located in Burlington, Vermont, generates long-term, multi-jurisdictional bulk cash investigations by analyzing incident reports 
12and conducting intelligence-driven operational support to field offices. When contacted by federal, state, and local law enforcement for support, the BCSC assists that jurisdiction as much as possible by engaging the full scope of its law enforcement intelligence data sources and referring requests for assistance to local HSI field offices for immediate response. Since its inception in August 2009, the BCSC has initiated or substantially contributed to over 2,062 investigative leads, which have yielded 2,010 criminal arrests, 1,147 indictments, 677 state or federal convictions, and seizures of bulk cash totaling over $1.59 billion. High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Task ForcesThe High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA) Program is administered by the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), and provides designated areas with federal funding to support coordinated Federal, state, local, tribal and territorial law enforcement activities that address drug trafficking threats. HSI, using its combined immigration and customs authorities, leads several HIDTA initiatives along the Southwest Border.The Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces (OCDETF) Program allows our Special Agents to partner and collaborate in investigations using our unique and far-reaching authorities to enforce and regulate the movement of carriers, persons, and commodities between the United States and other nations. We have dedicated personnel on 15 out of 16 OCDETF co-located Strike Forces. These Strike Forces logically extend the OCDETF program beyond the creation of prosecutor-led task forces that join together on case-specific efforts and then disband at the end of the investigation. Now, permanent task force teams work together to conduct intelligence-driven, multi-jurisdictional operations against the continuum of priority targets. We 
13also participate in the OCDETF Fusion Center, which support investigations of TCOs through interagency coordination.Extraterritorial Criminal Travel Strike Force ProgramThe HSI Human Smuggling Unit is responsible for managing the Extraterritorial Criminal Travel Strike Force (ECT) program. The ECT Strike Force was created in June 2006 as a joint partnership between HSI and the U.S. Department of Justice, Criminal Division, Human Rights and Special Prosecutions Section (HRSP) to address U.S. security risks posed by transnational human smuggling organizations. The ECT Program is designed to disrupt and dismantle the international and domestic operations of human smuggling organizations, through aggressive investigation and prosecution of criminal travel networks that pose potential threats to U.S. national security and public safety. The ECT Program focuses on networks meeting certain criteria, including organizations operating in specified geographic locations, prosecutorial viability, national security risk, significantly evolved methods of operation, and links with corrupt foreign government officials or organized crime.The ECT Program utilizes intelligence methodology to identify and target human smuggling organizations that meet certain criteria. Specifically, those organizations responsible for the smuggling of special interest aliens who may potentially threaten U.S. national security and public safety.International Partners and Cooperation ICE HSI works closely with our federal law enforcement and international partners to disrupt and dismantle TCOs. We have 68 offices in 51 countries and are uniquely positioned to utilize established relationships with host country law enforcement, to include the engagement of 
14Transnational Criminal Investigative Units (TCIUs). These TCIUs are composed of DHS-trained host country counterparts who have the authority to investigate and enforce violations of law in their respective countries. Since our law enforcement special agents working overseas do not possess general law enforcement or investigative authority in host countries, the use of these TCIUs enables ICE to promote direct action in its investigative leads and criminal prosecutionswhile respecting the sovereignty of the host country and cultivating international partnerships. These efforts, often thousands of miles from the U.S.-Mexico border in countries like Colombia and Panama, essentially act as an outer layer of security for our Southwest Border.Working with Mexican AuthoritiesMexico has proven to be an outstanding partner in the fight against TCOs, taking down the Cartels’ top leadership and helping in efforts to dismantle these organizations. ICE’s Attaché Office in Mexico City is the largest ICE presence outside of the United States. ICE has coordinated the establishment of TCIUs in Mexico comprised of Mexican law enforcement officers. Through our Attaché in Mexico City and associated sub-offices, HSI assists in efforts to combat transnational drug trafficking, weapons smuggling, human smuggling, and money laundering syndicates in Mexico. ICE Attaché personnel work daily with Mexican authorities to combat these transnational threats. Additionally, ICE—along with other DHS Components—actively works through the Department of State to provide training and technical assistance to our Mexican counterparts. The spirit of collaboration and joint effort between DHS Components and our counterparts in Mexico is unprecedented.ConclusionThank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today and for your continued support of ICE and its law enforcement mission. ICE is committed to stemming cross-border criminal organizations through the various efforts I have discussed today. I appreciate your interest in these important issues, and look forward to answering your questions.

The early history of the Mississippi River
Commission was in large part the story of its
growing preoccupation with the levee system.
The evolution of the so-called "levees-only"
policy was complex in detail, but
comprehensible in terms of the physical and
political facts of life in the Mississippi flood
plain.
The first question to be faced by the newfledged
Commission was exactly what its own
functions were to be. The organic law had not
defined them with any degree of distinctness.
The law had, however, committed the MRC to
fix, enlarge, and deepen the channel of the
river-no easy task considering its size and the
shifting alluvial sediments in which it flowed.
An early and fundamental disagreement arose
among Commission members over whether a
levee system would, by oonfining the water,
help to scour out a deeper channel. James B.
Eads thought that it would; future President
Benjamin Harrison and the Corps' Brigadier
General Cyrus B. Comstock disagreed.! Hence
the years 1879-1881 were a time of uncertainty.
The Commission's only unquestioned duty was
to take over surveys of the river, previously
carried out by an Engineer board.2 While
Congress and the MRC's members debated the
effects of a levee system, the Commission also
began a program of channel improvement by
permeable contraction works and mattress
revetment.3 Pioneered on the middle
Mississippi by the Corps of Engineers, this
program aimed to narrow the river to an
approximately uniform 3,000 feet. Typical
works were longitudinal dikes constructed of
pilings with waling strips on both sides filled
with brush.4 Connected to the banks by
transverse dams, and revetted , these
structures were designed to produce
deposition, narrowing and ultimately
deepening the channel, as the law required.
Beyond these works, the Commission felt
considerable uncertainty about its future, its
duties, and the way it would function. It did not
want to be an executive body, yet it was obliged
to handle details of maintenance and
construction until Corps officers took on the
work in 188l.5 At that time, Commission
members still looked to the year ahead as a
time of experimental work dealing with
contraction of the river.6
The flood of 1882, which overwhelmed the
levees-and, very often, the remaining credit
of the levee districts as well-changed the
picture entirely. Alarmed by the suffering and
ruin in the alluvial valley, Congress decided on
an important change in policy. After
instructing the MRC to engage in flood control,
lawmakers had shied away from voting money
for levees; now they reversed themselves again,
by voting in ambiguous terms to allow the
Commission to build levees if doing so would
make navigation easier and safer. By decision
of the Secretary of War, the river below Cairo
was divided into four administrative districts,
each in charge of an officer of the Army
Engineers, under whose direction all work for
improving the river was to be carried on.7 In
time these District Engineers would be
directed to meet as a board to recommend the
distribution of Commission funds. The
Commission retained overall powers-under
the Secretary of War-to set policy and amend
the recommendations of the Board of District
Engineers.
These administrative changes gained their
meaning from the new national policy set by
Congress in the 1882 act. Not only was the
Commission authorized to build and repair
levees,8 but the act also appropriated $4.9
million for the Commission, and gave it charge
of all Federal work for improving the harbors
of Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, and New
Orleans, plus the rectification of the Red and
Atchafalaya Rivers, which had previously
belonged to the Memphis Engineer Office.9
The process of gathering of all Federal work on
the Mississippi into the hands of the
Commission advanced with this act. At the
same time the job of executing Commission
policy had been placed in the hands of the
Engineers. Most important of all, Congress
had given tacit approval to levee work,
provided it were properly justified.
Delegations from the local levee district
argued their cases before the Commission at its
meetings in August and November 1882. They
spoke with pathetic detail of the
impoverishment of their people, of their own
exhausted credit, and the helplessness of
private initiative and local government to deal
with the repeated disasters. Senator Lamar of
Mississippi-manager of the bill that created
the Commission-signaled the intentions of
levee advocates in Congress when he urged the
Commission to build levees first "where
obstructions to navigation are the greatest."
The point of this approach was the claim that
crevasses caused shoaling of the main channel.
Following this line, the citizens of Greenville,
Mississippi, argued that the caving of the
riverbank before their town was destroying
navigation by the "correspondingly rapid
formation and growth of the already extensive
sand bar upon the opposite side" of the river. A
petition of 11 parishes of Louisiana called the
Ashton crevasses "the immediate cause of bad
navigation at this point." On 16 August 1882
the Commission entered upon the work of levee
building. lo
Major Charles R. Suter of the Corps of
Engineers made a motion that the Commission
divide the river into four districts. 11 He also
moved that $1.5 million be allotted to the
levees, and, amended to $1.3 million, the
motion was adopted the next day, with only
Comstock recording himself in opposition.12
Suter's districting motion was then adopted.
The Commission, in the course of 2 days, had
emerged from its chrysalis and embarked
upon the work that was to transform middle
America.
The development of the levee system that
followed was marked by enormous advances in
technique and organization. The how of levee
building was enormously advanced-when it
was not created from scratch-by the
Commission. Proper selection of levee sitesoften
considerably back from the river, to the
dismay of riparian landowners-complete
clearance of the soil, removal of stumps,
construction to specified height and cross
section, sodding of the levees with Bermuda
grass, forbidding cuts and drains, outlawing
the use of levees as roadways-all became
elements in a comprehensive set of standards
enforced by the Commission's power to grant
or withhold Federal money.13
Commission improvements were not
confined to levee building. It carried out the
first complete surveys of the low river, and
systematically studied all aspects of the
stream's behavior. It sponsored innovativework on revetment, adapting the willow
mattress for bank and levee protection.14
Progress in organization also marked the
Mississippi River Commission's work. The
Commission pressed for cooperative Federal
and state efforts in the field of flood control. Its
efforts resulted in the emergence of a limited
but coherent national policy on the Mississippi
backed by the best scientific information that
the contemporary state of the art would allow.
Typical was the work of the Fourth
Mississippi River Commission District,
headquartered at New Orleans. District
Engineers headed a complex system in which
river improvement was financed largely by the
state levee districts but guided and
coordinated by Federal experts. Some levees
were Federal, many private, but most were
built by the six levee districts of Lower Tensas,
Atchafalaya, Lafourche, Barataria,
Pontchartrain, and Lake Borgne with some
Federal assistance. Guidance came from the
District headquarters, originally in the New
Or leans Custom House but later moved to No.1
Prytania Street at the river. Here the District
Engineer, his military assistant, and a force of
male civilians, clerks, and assistant Engineers,
had their offices. All but the clerks, however,
spent much time in the field. Mainline levees
were divided into sections, and a junior or
senior Engineer walked each section at least
once a month. Levee construction was carried
out by prime contractors who subcontracted
200- to 300-yard "station" to itinerant
construction men or "humpers" who often
worked on levees during the fall and winter
and on northern railroads during the summer.
Simplest construction method was by
wheelbarrow-the usual way until the 20th
century. More efficient were team outfits using
mules to drag wheeled scrapers, a method that
prevailed from about 1900 to 1910. Then the
great volumes of earth that had to be moved led
to development of levee machines-A-frame
derricks with wooden booms 50 to 75 feet long
at the end of which hung 2-cubic-yard orangepeel
buckets. As work went forward, the machines were moved on two parallel planked
runways by means of skids and wooden rollers.
From these machines evolved steel draglines
with 3.5-yard buckets, and large drag scrapers
of 8 to 10 yards capacity. New Orleans
Engineers also used a locomotive crane that
moved upon 16-foot track sections bolted to
heavy frames which the crane itself raised
from behind and moved in front of its path of
operations. Levee machines continued work
until the appearance of mobile earth-moving
equipment.
Work on the levees was hard, "all muscle,"
with wages (in 1890) of $2.50 a day for a
"master laborer." Work gangs hired on the
open market rather than by contractors had
the benefit of superior working conditions. A
crew at work was a little army of 150 to 500
men, black and white. Most of the laborers and
many supervisors and skilled artisans were
Negroes, while other supervisors, Engineers,
and Army personnel were white. The men
lived on quarterboats while working, sleeping
in dormitories and devouring gargantuan
meals. When the river rose, even harder work
impended. Engineers walked the levees daily,
took charge of the Federal, state, and private
labor that swarmed out to help in the flood
fight, and tried to hold up under a protracted
strain that one officer compared to the rigors of
the battlefield.
A flood fight overrode all barriers. In time of
danger, the depot maintained by the New
Orleans Engineer Office supplied equipment,
while Commission Engineers coordinated the
work of state and private interests. In the 1897
flood, District Engineer Major George McC.
Derby counted "six independent forces which
assist in the work, the individual planter, the
railroads, the parish, the levee district, the
State and United States."16 A civilian assistant
Engineer recounted that in the Pontchartrain
levee district "about 95% of the supervisory
personnel was (sic) unpaid civilians and
officials of the Railroads, Levee Boards,
Louisiana State Highway Commission, the
Standard Oil Company at Baton Rouge,
officials of the Sugar Refineries, Oil
Refineries, Saw Mills ... and from practically
every manufacturing plant and farm in the
district." Short sections of the levee line were
placed under Engineers from the Louisiana
Highway Commission. Planters and foremen
of mills turned out to supervise the work of
their employees on the levee, and afterward
submitted payrolls from the time rolls of their
foreman. Derby expressed surprise that "so
large a measure of success can be achieved by
such unsystematic efforts." Yet by the end of
the 19th century, hope was growing that
ruinous floods might become a thing of the
past. "For the first time in the history of the
river," reported the Mississippi River
Commission in 1897, "a great flood passed
between banks from Red River to the Gulf. The
whole sugar country, where inundation means
destruction, was saved from overflow."17
I t is against the background of these
achievements in technique and organization
that the most controversial aspect of Federal
policy-its commitment to flood control by
levees only-must be viewed. "Levees only" did
not mean that the only activity of the
Mississippi River Commission was building
levees. It did mean, however, that by the early
1890's levees had come to be accepted-by the
majority of the Commission, by the levee
boards, by Congress, and apparently by the
people of the Valley-as a complete answer to
floods, as the only major control work that
should be attempted, and as the raison d' etre of
the Commission itself. The reasons for this
policy shift were complex.
A common explanation of "levees only" held
that it was advocated by Humphreys and
Abbot, and that their influence combined with
the forces of organizational inertia to secure
the policy's adoption and preclude change.ls
However, the conventional explanation left
much unexplained. For one thing, the
Commission did not hesitate to oppose
Humphreys and Abbot whenever it wished to
do so, holding, for example, that crevasses
caused shoaling of the main channel, a point
which the Physics and Hydraulics specifically
denied.19 Again, the Commission maintained
during the 1880's that the Mississippi, if its
banks were stabilized, would scour a deeper
channel for itself, while Humphreys and Abbot
had declared that the bed of the Mississippi
was a tenacious clay, as difficult to scour as
marble.
The real source of the "levees-only" policy
was to be found not in Humphreys and Abbot,
but in the political and economic facts of the
situation faced by the Mississippi River
Commission. Fundamental was the pressure of
Valley residents for immediate and local
rather than long-range and comprehensive
protection against floods. By the mid-1880's
Congress and the War Department had
become disenchanted with the works of
channel improvement. Senators from the
riparian states urged the Commission to
exercise its powers upon levees and let other
works take second place. Congress
disapproved spending for contraction works in
1886, and the Commission applied the money to
levees. On 30 June 1887 Senator Randall L.
Gibson of Louisiana "congratulated the
Commission upon the fact that their
recommendations had not been approved by
the Secretary of War. :The sentiment ofthetwo
Houses was opposed to revetment. The
contraction of the river by levees is the proper
method of procedure."21 The flood of 1890
brought in renewed applications from local
groups for assistance in completing their levee
lines. Local officials, pleading that the burden
of debt was too great to bear, often made no
effort to justify their requests by the
navigation plea.22 Congress, in the River and
Harbor Act of 19 September, for the first time
omitted the proviso against building levees for
flood contro1.23 Though the prohibition later
reappeared in one act, the effects of this flood
on levee policy were decisive.24 In its
Proceedings the Commission recorded the
claim of the railroads to levees as protection for
their lines; the emphatic support of Congress;
and the backing of levees by eastern capital, as
the vice-president of the New York Chamber of
Commerce led a delegation before the
Commission to urge that "one half the whole
appropriation" be spent in preventing
inundations in the lower valley. One member of
the Chamber "explained his conference with
the President of the United States, on the
alluvial valley problem. He thought himself
that every dollar practicable should be applied
to levees."25 As important as the political facts
was a physical fact-a decade of effort had
shown that the river would not scour its bed
except locally and temporarily. Furthermore,
Humphreys and Abbot had been proved right
on one important issue, and Eads wrong: levees
raised flood heights, requiring a constantly
rising levee line to contain them.
Faced with these dilemmas, the Commission
in 1891-1892 turned to dredging as a means of
giving water transport its all-year channel,26
At the same time, the MRC, faced with
revetment costs which had soared to $30 a
linear foot, began to limit bank protection to
endangered areas and shift money from
channel works to levees threatened by rising
floods. 27 By 1896 the Commission was ready to
declare in effect that its original policy had
proved economically unjustifiable and that
"the practical results contemplated by the Act
organizing the Commission ... can be attained
with greater economy and probability of
success, and in less time by the dredging of
obstructing bars in low water and the
maintenance, in cooperation with the State and
local authorities, of an effective levee system."
Revetment was to be placed in selected reaches
to prevent cutoffs and to protect harbors and
threatened levees of "exceptional importance."
When, on 3 June 1896, Congress enacted a new
Rivers and Harbors Act over President Grover
Cleveland's veto, the opening of a 9-foot
channel by dredging "from Cairo down"
became national policy. Earlier hopes for a
narrowed, self-scouring river were
abandoned. A minority in the Commission, led
by Lieutenant Colonel Amos Stickney, fought
to have the allotment for bank revetment and
channel work increased, but was defeated by a
4-4 vote.28 Channel improvement works other
than dredging and revetment were now
abandoned.
Thus, "levees only" reflected a mixture of
physical fact and the political wishes of those
who had the ultimate power-of Congress, the
War Department, powerful private interest
groups, and the people of the Alluvial Valley.
As the Valley developed economically, flood
control came to enjoy powerful backing
throughout the eastern United States as well as
in its old alluvial and western centers of power.
Levees were simply the best established and
most politically remunerative form of flood
control. They were works that meant
immediate protection for homes, businesses,
and railroads. Under limited appropriations,
any diversion of funds meant loss of protection
for someone; at the same time, other modes
were experimental, lacked public and
Congressional support, and were condemned
by the leading authorities. "Levees only"
became public policy because Congress
wanted it, and, in fact, because almost
everybody of influence in the Mississippi
Valley wanted it.
Until 1926 the development of the Federal
program was a matter of extension, definition,
and elaboration of existing policy rather than
the introduction of new ideas. Levees were to
hold out floods; dredging was to open an allyear
channel; the District Engineers at St.
Louis and Vicksburg carried on a program of
snagging; the Corps was engaged in building a
system of reservoirs at the headwaters of the
Mississippi.29 Add to these the programs of
surveys and mapping, and the result was what
might have been called the classical form of
Federal river policy. Compared with anything
that had been done in the past, this program
was profoundly impressive. Under it the levee
system reached a condition of completeness
never before known.
Yet the levees that protected the land against
ordinary high water continually raised the
crests of the great floods. As agriculture and
industry prospered behind the walls of earth,
the possible losses from flood increased as well.
The number of human lives that a great flood
would endanger rose with the water. Political
and economic facts had led the Commission to
adopt levees as a cureall for floods in the
Valley. Since in fact they were not a cureall,
total dependence on them represented a grave,
though mostly hidden, danger.
The gradual buildup of floodwaters within
the leveed channel was noted both inside and
outside the Commission. Threats were
occasionally made by riparian landholders to
sue the Commission on account of flood heights
raised by its work. Following the record spring
flood of 1903, a bulletin of the United States
Weather Bureau estimated that the levees
erected since 1882 had raised the floodwaters
at Memphis "between 7 and 8 feet, the latter
figure probably being more nearly correct."31
After 1903, an increasing number of
independent experts on the river began to
demand some revision of the "levees only"
policy, and citizens' groups were formed to
push for change.32 Yet the strongest floodcontrol
associations, the levee districts, and the
Commission kept to their established course.33
By 1926 the Commission felt that the flood
problem had b~en nearly solved by the levees,
and that maintenance and bank protection
would be the concerns of the future. 34
In the autumn of that year, however, signs
began to appear indicating that the levees were
to be subjected to another test. In October,
Major John C. H. Lee, the newly appointed
District Engineer at Vicksburg, noted that the
river had risen to 40 feet on the Vicksburg
gage.He began to study the history of the
gage, and found that it had reached 30 feet in
October only six times in 54 years, and each
time the spring following had brought
extremely high water. He began a series of
staff meetings to mobilize the resources of his
district against the expected emergency.
The new year opened ominously, with a
minor flood in January, and a somewhat
higher one in February. In early March the
waters fell somewhat, but toward the end of the
month the seasonal rises of the Ohio, Missouri,
and Tennessee showed not only a magnitude
but also a degree of synchronization that
plainly warned of a major flood on the way.36
The first three weeks were taken up with a
slow rise culminating in disaster. From St.
Louis to New Orleans the levees swarmed with
men, struggling against the water in the north,
and, in the south, building up emergency
supplies against what the New York Times
warned might be "the greatest and most
damaging flood in the history of the valley."37
The worst sign of all was the weather. Spring
rains, especially in the middle Valley, were
exceptionally heavy,38 and on the night of 15
April New Orleans had a deluge of almost
Biblical dimensions-14.01 inches.39 On 18
April the river stood at 56.2 feet at Cairo, and
the lowlands were flooding rapidly; there were
25,000 homeless, and at least 12 dead. The
worst sufferers were Missouri, Arkansas, and
Mississippi, . with lesser areas inundated in
Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Louisiana.
Near New Orleans armed guards patrolled
the levees. The rule in great floods had always
been sauve qui peut, every man for himself:
everybody feared that his own levee might be
dynamited by his neighbors to ease the
pressure of the water. At Poydras, below New
Orleans, four men approached the levee in a
skiff one night. When they failed to answer a
guard's challenge he fired. One man was
killed. "Residents," noted the Times laconically
"had been warned not to approach the levees
after dark."
Cloudbursts fell in southern Kansas, raising
the Arkansas, which broke through the levees
in Pulaski County and flooded 15,000 acres of
Arkansas' richest land. The Red Cross
appealed for funds. Refugees poured into
Cairo, St. Louis, and a hundred lesser spots.
New York investment bankers, "fearing
property which forms the basis of bond issues,
might have been damaged by the waters,"
rushed inquiries to St. Louis. They were
reassured to learn that the business district of
the city was safe, and that the riverfront was
"covered with small buildings" only. The
reports did not say who, if anybody, lived
there.
Following the cloudburst of the 15th, New
Orleans enjoyed several days of sunshine. The
New Orleans Engineer District and the
Fourth District labored to strengthen and
raise levees in the area. But the river was
rising at every gage from New Orleans to St.
Paul, and every major tributary except the
Cumberland and the Tennessee was also
rising. On 20 April the gage at Carroll ton stood
at 20.2, up 0.1 foot from the day before.42 The
reports from upriver were an excruciating
mixture of good and bad news. Whenever the
Mississippi broke its levees the danger to New
Orleans from the gigantic flood crest moving
downriver was lessened to some degree. And as
the crisis of 21-30 April began, there was little
to be heard but of this sort of tragic blessing.
Non-Federal levees upstream were being
overwhelmed, and for the first time in history a
mainline levee of full Commission grade failed
at Mound Landing, Mississippi, flooding an
area 50 miles wide and 75 miles long.43
On the 20th the river reached 44.7 feet at
Memphis and the levee broke at Clarendon,
Arkansas. Miss Rosa Gibson, the town's
telephone operator, watched from an upper
window of her office building as houses,
animals, and river craft were washed down
Clarendon's main street.44 Recalling the night
of 20-21 April, Major Lee wrote, "No steamer
was able to stem the current .... So, we rushed
in sacks (for sand bags) by airplane, by small
boats braving the swirling current of the
Arkansas south of Pine Bluff. Labor consisted
of white volunteers, of drafted Negroes, of
National Guardsmen, and of convicts from the
state farm. All worked side by side just as they
would fight in a trench. They held this levee ten
days and nights through wretched weather,
cold and wet, until another attack developed
just below and the forces had to be divided. It
was then that the crisis came and South Bend
went out. Defeat after a fight like that is
bitter."
Some refugee camps were flooding, and
epidemics of mumps, measles, and whooping
cough broke out among survivors. At Little
Rock, a train loaded with coal was parked on a
steel bridge across the Arkansas to give it
added stability. The bridge began to vibrate so
intensely that the coal caught fire from the
friction. Shortly afterward, bridge, train, and
burning coal toppled into the water.46 At New
Orleans, Corps employees and volunteers
worked all night, by electric lights or lanterns,
with the rain and chill of an unseasonal cold
front blowing on them. Though levees about
the city itself were stronger than ever before,
and despite the relief given by crevasses
upstream, Engineers at New Orleans were
already considering desperate measures. The
Corps of Engineers reported to President
Calvin Coolidge that the flood would be the
worst in a generation, and George C.
Schoenberger, chief engineer of the State of
Louisiana, said publicly that a mainline levee
break somewhere in the state had become
inevitable.
Meantime the Federal Government
mobilized its resources to minimize suffering
along the river. Major General Edgar Jadwin,
Chief of Engineers, went to Memphis to take
personal charge of the flood fight; a
presidential commission under Herbert
Hoover, the Secretary of Commerce, was set up
to deal with the disaster; the President
appealed for $5 million needed by the Red
Cross; and activities of seven agencies of the
Government were integrated in a massive
effort at relief. But the greatest question of the
flood remained unanswered: what would
happen to New Orleans when the crest reached
it?
To visitors the city seemed unchanged.
Despite storing of food and other signs of the
approaching crisis, noted the Times, "New
Orleans, sitting serenely between the river and
Lake Pontchartrain, with virtually the entire
city of half a million below the river level, went
calmly and unhurriedly about its ordinary
work."Much of this was appearance; tension
rose as the crisis approached, but the city's
work went on.
On 26 April, late in the evening, Governor
Oramel H. Simpson ordered the levee to be cut
at Poydras PI~ntation, below the city. One
hundred thousand acres were expected to be
flooded, the water eventually to find an outlet
through natural drains into Lake Borgne and
the Gulf of Mexico. The evacuation of lower St.
Bernard and Plaquemines Parishes had
already begun. "The breach," reported the
Times, "will probably be made by the
engineers of the State with approval of the
engineers of the War Department. The step
was recommended by the Mississippi River
Commission."
The finale went with a bang-and a fizzle.
Trappers and farmers from the area to be
flooded were reported guarding the levee with
"machine guns, riot guns, rifles and pistols,"
but were expected to submit when the time
came. Riotous public meetings were held, and
state authorities made the expected promises
of compensation. Meantime, in New Orleans,
500 "pump guns" were issued to patrol squads
to guard against possible reprisals. An
embargo was placed on dynamite sales, and
400 National Guardsmen camped about the
city.
On 29 April six successive charges of
dynamite breached the Poydras levee. Though
1,500 pounds had exploded, a reporter wrote
angrily that the "awe-inspiring spectacle that
had been promised was lacking. There was no
gigantic torrent.... There was the muffled
sound of exploding dynamite, earth and stones
shot into the air, and there was silence. The
water seeped slowly, almost reluctantly,
through the comparatively small holes and
spread placidly over the land on the other side.
Prosaic picks and shovels were called into
play. . . . News photographers and motion
picture camera men registered intense
disgust."5o Hours passed before the crevasse
slowly grew to the needed dimensions.
Yet the levee was the least that the
ineffectual dynamite had blown up. Coming at
the end of that extraordinary April, when
much of the levee system had been
overwhelmed, 200 people killed, 700,000
driven from their homes, and $200 million in
property losses recorded, the blast at Poydras
was more significant than it seemed. A policy
had been breached, and the pouring waters
were sweeping an era away.
Opponents of the "levees only" policy, and
brought bitter criticism of the Mississippi
River Commission.! Working under great
pressure, Major General Edgar Jadwin, the
Chief of Engineers, found a way through the
tangled scientific, political, and economic
difficulties which surrounded the question of
flood control and gave direction to a Congress
and a public, angry over the past and confused
by conflicting proposals for reform.
The plan proposed by Jadwin utilized work
done by the Commission in developing its own
scheme for a reformed system of flood control,
and in many features the two programs were
identical. The ideas of the Commission were,
however, modified in important ways by
conclusions of four Engineer boards working
for the Chief, and the new plan was infused
with Jadwin's energy, clarity of expression,
and political astuteness.2 Adopted through the
work of a commission created by Congress in
the Flood Control Act of 15 May 1928, the plan
provided the key to the modern system of flood
control at a price Congress was willing to pay.3
Success of the plan marked an era in the
history of the Mississippi Valley.
Fundamentally, what Jadwin proposed was
to restore to the river by artificial means the
capacity that the levee system had taken away.
First he defined a "project flood"-the flood
that the Weather Bureau called the
"maximum possible" and the Commission the
"maximum probable" that could occur in the
Valley. Resulting from perfect
synchronization of the highest known rises of
the tributary systems with the most
unfavorable recorded rainfall conditions in the
Valley itself, this apocalyptic event would
bring flood heights of 66 feet on the Cairo gage
and 74 feet at Arkansas City, with a flow of 3
million cubic feet per second below the mouth
of Red River. By this yardstick all proposals for
flood control were to be measured. Despite
changes in detail, the concept of the project
flood retained 40 years later the critical
function that Jadwin assigned it.4
The superflood could not be met by
strengthening the levees. As Jadwin's
successor, Major General Lytle Brown, was to
write a few years later:
The cost of levees on the Mississippi
increases more rapidly than the square
of their height, and the destructiveness
of a crevasse increases almost in
like proportion . ... levees are not
fixed ... they must, on occasion, be
rebuilt in new positions due to bank
erosion. Consequently, they must not
be too costly. All conditions demand
levees of limited height, and the limit is
soon reached.5
Jadwin planned to strengthen and raise
slightly the existing levees, but he also planned
a system of flood ways and spillways to
duplicate the effects of the swamp reservoirs
and natural outlets. " . .. the river needs more
room," said Jadwin, "which should be given to
it laterally rather than vertically." In Missouri,
a floodway between Birds Point and New
Madrid would draw floodwaters away from
the meeting place of the Mississippi and Ohio
at Cairo, Illinois, and return the water to the
mainstream below. The Arkansas River
similarly would be relieved by a floodway in
the Boeuf River basin, a natural channel of
escape which local interests had closed off with
levees. Finally, the Delta would be protected
by a flood way that made use of the natural
distributary of the Atchafalaya. At Old River
the project flood would be divided into halves,
with 1.5 million cubic feet per second passing
down the basin of the Atchafalaya to the Gulf.
The special problem of New Orleans would be
met by a spillway above the city at Bonnet
Carre, where another 250,000 second-feet
would be guided out of the main channel and
into Lake Pontchartrain north of the city.6 As
envisioned by Jadwin, the flood ways would
increase the carrying power of the river,
protect vulnerable areas, and split up the
superflood among three outlets.
Jadwin thought the floodways would not be
too expensive.? He proposed to control entry of
water by "fuse-plugs"-low levees designed to
stand against ordinary stages of the river but
crevasse in great floods.8 Once within the
floodways, the water would be guided by
lateral earthen levees. Only at Bonnet Carre
did Jadwin contemplate the use of an artificial
control structure. In the 12 years or so that
usually elapsed between great floods, the land
within the flood ways would be available for a
variety of uses, including cattle raising and
many types of farming. The residents of these
unfavored areas would have no valid reason for
complaint, in Jadwin's view, since the
proposed flood ways were all natural outlets
which went under water anyway during great
floods. Economically and politically, as well as
in the engineering sense, Jadwin saw diversion
into the flood ways as a line of least resistance.9
His plan contained other improtant
elements. He recommended that 80 percent of
the cost of the project flood system be borne by
the Federal Government.lO He proposed to
unify the chain of command by making the
Mississippi River Commission an advisory
body and requiring that the offices of president
of the Commission and Division Engineer,
Lower Mississippi Valley, be held by the same
officer. Since this officer would be a brigadier
general in the Corps of Engineers and the
executive officer of the Commission, power
both to initiate and to veto flood control
projects on the Mississippi would be lodged in
the Office of the Chief of Engineers.!l Finally,
Jadwin recommended the creation of a
hydraulic laboratory under the Commission, to
coordinate field data and experiment with
small-scale models of the river. Old themes of
the river's history-the scientific inquiry that
had begun with the Delta Survey, the
expansion of Federal power, the concentration
of that power in the hands of the Chief of
Engineers-were carried a long step further
when the Jadwin Plan became law.
Before describing how the plan was put into
effect, some background must be given on the
development of flood control policy in the
United States in the twentieth century. The
flood of 1927 could hardly have provoked such
a comprehensive answer as the Jadwin Plan if
the American people and their government
had not matured considerably in their attitude
toward their natural resources in general and
the needs of the Valley in particular.
The early decades of the century had seen a
succession of great floods, each of which
provoked new demands for action. But
Mississippi River Commission response was
limited by the "levees only" concept, and
consisted largely in the Commission raising
again and yet again the standard grades for
levees along the river. Yet the floods also
produced new thinking in and out of Congress,
without, however, bringing significant change
in policy until after 1927.Instead, the
authority of the Commission was gradually
extended over the entire lower and middle
river from the Head of Passes to Rock Island,
Illinois, and up the tributary systems as far as
the backwater curve of the Mississippi affected
them.This extension and unification of
authority provided the organizational base for
the new flood control plan when it came into
being. Deeper changes were at work, too, altering
the American people and transforming their
concepts of government, as the Civil War had
changed them in the past. From the turn of the
century to the First World War, the American
political scene was dominated by recurrent
demands for reform in almost every aspect of
national life. The Progressive Era was
dramatized by Theodore Roosevelt and
resulted in the enactment of far-reaching
reforms under Woodrow Wilson. Under the
Progressive impulse, new demands were
heard for conservation and development of
resources, and these were combined with flood
control to produce the first programs of
comprehensive waterways development. At
first the Corps was hostile to multiple use
planning, but in 1925 shifted its stance and
began to study the comprehensive
development of American river basins,!
Congress passed landmark laws in three
successive decades.In 1917 the first flood
control act committed the nation to prevent
overflows on the Mississippi and Sacramento
Rivers. Though this law in no way represented
the real entry of the Federal Government into
the field, it was important for two reasons.
First, it swept away any lingering pretense
that levee building was intended only to benefit
navigation, and proclaimed openly that flood
control was a proper activity of the national
government. It did not begin the era of Federal
flood control, but it did end the era of Federal
subterfuge. Second, the law established
standards for Federal-state division of costs,
providing that one-third the cost of flood
control works should be paid by the Federal
Government and two-thirds by local interests.
Shortly afterward, for defense purposes, the
Federal Government began a program to
encourage the rebirth of trade and commerce
on the Mississippi. Waterways played an
important role in the nation's war effort and a
major rebirth of waterborne commerce took
place. 19 In both navigation and flood control the
Woodrow Wilson administration was a time of
progress, reborn effort, and new ideas.
Indicating the bipartisan nature of the new
approach, the next decisive changes took place
under that stern Vermont conservative, Calvin
Coolidge. The Rivers and Harbors Act of 3
March 1925 opened the way to comprehensive
planning for waterways development.2o Flood
control, navigation, power production, and
irrigation were declared to be interdependent
aspects of waterways development, which
must be considered together in planning for
the use of the nation's rivers and lakes. Under
Coolidge, too, the integrated response of seven
Federal agencies to the crisis of 1927
foreshadowed future methods of disaster
relief. The President apparently intervened at
several points in the evolution of the Jadwin
Plan, and ultimately proclaimed it as the guide
to the nation's new flood control program.
Many of the concepts of the Jadwin Plan were
adopted in the Flood Control Act of 1928,
passage of which was accelerated by the losses
of lives and property generated by the 1927
flood. Basically, the 1928 Act set up the allimportant
"Mississippi River & Tributaries
Flood Control Plan." The plan was then carried
into effect under those bitter political and
ideological rivals, Herbert Hoover and
Franklin D. Roosevelt. By the 1930's,
practically anything about Federal flood
control might become a political issue, except
the basic principle itself. Flood control had
become the nation's business, and so it
remained.
A fourth important law was the Flood
Control Act of 22 June 1936, which extended
Federal flood protection to the nation at large,
and established the cost-benefit ratio as a
yardstick for determining whether specific
works should be undertaken. Specifically, the
law declared that flood control improvements
could be carried out if the benefits, to
whomsoever they accrued, were in excess of
costs.21 This standard provided the Corps with
its most important yardstick for judging new
projects until the environmental movement
more than 30 years later modified it. A classic
liberal device to secure the greatest good for
the greatest number, the ratio at the time it
was devised indicated a broad, new concept of
the duties of the national government to
"promote the general welfare."
Clearly the country had come a long way
since the Commission justified closing
crevasses on the ground that breached levees
constituted a danger to navigation. The new
approach had its own inadequacies, of course.
The standards which Congress set for the
Engineers were exclusively economic.
Competitive goals of recreation, conservation,
and the enjoyment and use of nature for
noneconomic purposes were left in the air, to be
settled piece-meal by Congress or by power
struggles among competing Federal agencies.
Yet at the time they were adopted, and in the
years since, these changes in organization,
standards, and fundamental law brought far
more benefit to the United States than many a
victory on the battlefield.
The adoption of the Jadwin Plan brought
extensive responsibilities to the New Orleans
District. It did not, however, bring any real
organizational changes. The old Fourth
District of the Commission, after passing
through a brief rechristening as the New
Orleans River District, was renamed the
Second New Or leans District and placed under
the Mississippi River Commission, with
headquarters in Vicksburg. The former New
Orleans Engineer District became the First
New Orleans District, remaining subject to the
Gulf Division with headquarters at New
Orleans. The task of building two great works
under the Jadwin Plan-the Bonnet Carre
Spillway and the Atchafalaya Floodway-fell
to the Second District.23 Bonnet Carreenjoyed
top priority since it promised New Orleans'
large population immediate relief from floods.
The Atchafalaya Floodway-a truly gigantic
job-was also undertaken rapidly, but its
ramifying complexities delayed effective
solution. The Boeuf Floodway lay outside the
New Orleans District in northeastern
Louisiana, and no full account of its troubles
can be given. It may be noted, however, that
this was the area where the Jadwin Plan
encountered the most determined opposition
from local interests, that plans for the Boeuf
were set aside in 1935 in favor of the Eudora
Floodway east of the Macon Ridge, and that the
whole project was abandoned in 1941, when the
Engineers' cutoff program made it possible to
lower flood crests on the Mississippi with far
less political opposition.
Bonnet Carre was a notorious bend of the
Mississippi about 30 miles above New
Orleans.  Here the east bank of the river had a
history of persistent crevasses, including great
ones in 1871 and 1874. The idea of creating an
artificial outlet to Lake Pontchartrain where
nature seemed anxious to force a natural one
had early occurred to students of the river.
William Darby described the possibility in
1816, and his idea continued to attract
attention throughout the 19th century.
Humphreys and Abbot went at some length
into the proposal, only to reject it for fear that
the river would make the outlet its main
channel, or would silt up Lake Pontchartrain.
Ellet viewed such an outlet as a last resort, for
similar reasons. The concept of a controlled
outlet, however, promised an answer to these
objections. First proposed by the Corps'
General Comstock in 1893 and cautiously
endorsed by the Mississippi River
Commission's Richard Taylor in 1913, the
concept was vigorously promoted by New
Orleanians anxious over rising flood heights
which endangered the wharves of the city.
Responding to pleas by the city's Safe River
Committee of One Hundred, Congress on 17
April 1926 passed an act requiring the
Secretary of War to make surveys and cost
estimates for controlled spillways between
Point Breeze and Fort Jackson, Louisiana. To
insure the fresh look at river policy demanded
by spillway advocates, the work was given, not
to the Mississippi River Commission, but to a
group of Engineer officers known as the
Spillway Board.28 By the time their report was
ready, the flood of 1927 had occurred, and
Jadwin incorporated their proposals into his
own plan for the river. Though some technical
changes were made in the process, the
Spillway Board had the unique experience of
seeing the essence of their proposals enacted
into law within a few months.29 On 21
November 1928 President Coolidge approved
the final site, 6 miles south of LaPlace,
Louisiana.
The new urgency of the project was attested
by the speed of the usually deliberate Federal
establishment in carrying through the work.
By 15 December 1928, "equipment had been
placed on the site for the driving and testing of
piles, the drilling of test holes and for carrying
out of all other necessary foundation tests; in
addition, the first unit of a hydraulic
laboratory (had) been constructed for the
purpose of making the required hydraulic
experiment."
The land at Bonnet Carre was typical of the
Delta region. From the natural bank of the
river 14 feet above Gulf level, the land sloped
away to an elevation of 1 foot at the shore of
Lake Pontchartrain. The last 5 miles of the
floodway were virtually level, swampy land,
covered with cypress, gum, ash, and
cottonwood trees , and with a dense
semitropical undergrowth. As defined by its
side levees, the floodway was to be shaped
somewhat like a broken fan , expanding from a
width of 1.5 miles at the spillway control
structure to about 2.4 miles at Lake
Pontchartrain . The natural levee was
"generally cleared and . . . susceptible to
cultivation," while the swamp was worthless as
farmland. A dense, almost impervious clay
overlay the land, while underneath a mixture
of clay and sand permitted the percolation of
ground water at a slope roughly even with that
of the surface, the water not finding its level
until it emerged into Lake Pontchartrain.
Three railroads passed over the site-the
double-tracked Illinois Central, and the singletracked
lines of the Louisiana Railway and
Navigation Company and the Yazoo and
Mississippi Valley. There was one important
road, the Jefferson Highway.
The gateway that would control the flow of
river water into the spillway closely resembled
an irrigation dam. Though construction of
such a work "in the dry" was in some ways an
unusual problem, the principles involved did
not differ essentially from other dams which
the Corps had already built elsewhere, and a
study of existing structures throughout the
country preceded work on Bonnet Carre. The
prime scope for ingenuity lay rather in
working out the hard details under conditions
where theory had to anticipate practice.
Working under the direction of Major Elroy S.
J . Irvine and Senior hydraulic engineer I. A.
Winter, the Second New Orleans District
undertook the construction of ingenious
models to represent in miniature the complex
forces of the river in spate. Their experiments
were the key to the success of Bonnet Carre, as
well as being fascinating examples of the art of
the engineer.
A field laboratory was established at the site.
The questions to be answered were the best
form for the dam, the best means of quieting
the tumultuous entry of the floodwater to a
uniform flow, and effects of that flow upon the
floodway itself. Two flumes were constructed,
one to contain a 1/6-scale model of a spillway
gate and the other a 1/20-scale model of a unit
of 22 spillway gates. Even the forest was
reproduced. The number and size of the trees
in a typical acre were established by surveys,
and a scale model of the forest was built, with
wires for saplings and wooden pegs for trees.
Then a work model of the entire project was
made-weir, floodway, levees, forests,
railroads, highways, and a section of Lake
Pontchartrain. The Engineers determined
that, except for an eddy formed at the first turn
in the lower levee, the full width of the
flood way would be an effective channel, and
even the troublesome eddy would disappear
before reaching the forest. By these means, the
most effective form of the spillway was worked
out to very high standards of accuracy and the
way prepared for actual construction.
Meantime other tests were being carried out.
In building the spillway, as in all large
structures designed for the Delta, the ability of
the soil to bear heavy weights and of pilings to
endure soaking in the saturated subsoils were
matters which required the fullest
examination. Pilings were driven and loads of
up to 120 tons were tried upon them to test the
rate of sinking. As usual, no stratum was found
for the piles to rest upon-their "bearing
value" was entirely frictional. Consequently
loads had to be very exactly balanced to
prevent failure of a foundation that was, in
effect, floating in the soil. On the other hand,
untreated wooden pilings proved to be
extraordinarily durable, provided that no air
was allowed to reach them. In the
neighborhood of Bonnet Carre timber
foundations were found, half submerged in
ground water, which had been "in existence for
almost a century without the slightest sign of
decay." The Engineers opened the base of the
Lee Monument in New Orleans and found
much the same story. In 50 years, the timber
and piling buried in moist earth were sound,
while at a higher level, timber surrounded by
dry earth showed clear evidences of decay.
While these tests were carried out in the field,
soil permeability was being tested at the
laboratories of Tulane University. Models, test
pilings, field examinations, and laboratory
work gave an extraordinarily comprehensive
picture of the region, and of the most
promising form for the engineering structures
to be erected there.
As finally projected, the weir was a concrete
structure resting upon timber piles 65 to 70
feet long. On the river side, a line of
interlocking sheet steel piling prevented
lateral flow of the soil caused by the weight of
the weir and also prevented percolation of
water through the porous subsoil. Baulks of
wood ("needles") formed the weir gates; in time
of need these could be removed one by one to
take off the crest of the flood. Behind the
spillway weir was a stilling basin, consisting of
a concrete apron with baffles to break the
inflow of water which might otherwise
endanger the weir and flood way behind it.
Riprap covered by articulated concrete slabs
completed the structure by preventing
undermining from the rear.
Work was begun at once and by 10 February
1931 the spillway weir stood complete.36 The
summer of 1932 saw the guide levees on both
sides of the spillway brought to final grade,
except for gaps at the highway and railroad
crossings. Work now began on the bridges that
were to carry the rail and highway traffic
across the spillway, and by the midsummer of
1936 the crossings had been completed and the
gaps in the guide levees closed. The end of the
year saw the completion of work on the
Mississippi levee that fronted the weir, to
protect the forebay from driftwood. Lowered
in the conventional "fuse-plug" pattern,
dressed, and sodded with Bermuda grass, the
correction of the levee formed the last element
in the work, and in December 1936 the Chief of
Engineers was able to announce that the entire
floodway project stood complete. The timing
was theatrically close. In January 1937 one of
the greatest of all recorded floods started on its
way down the Mississippi.
Very heavy winter rainfall in the Ohio River
Valley produced the truly gigantic flow of 1.85
million second-feet at Cairo. Fortunately, this
immense crest moved alone; an earlier flood on
the White had already passed, and the upper
Mississippi reserved its waters until May.
Still, the Ohio flood was met at Cairo by a flow
of 164,000 second-feet from the upper river,
which meant that over 2 million second-feet
were moving down the Valley in J anuary.
Gage readings frequently exceeded those of
1927. To save Cairo, the Birds Point-New
Madrid Floodway was opened by dynamiting
the fuse-plug after it failed to crevasse.39 Cairo
was saved, and though levees had to be
sandbagged and backwater areas were badly
flooded, the mainline levees held. Local
misfortunes and suffering occurred, requiring
the Red Cross and the National Guard to be
called out, and the Public Works
Administration and the Civilian Conservation
Corps provided labor forces for sentry and
maintenance work along the levees. But there
was no comparison with the ruin of 1927. Men
might begin to hope-cautiously-that a single
decade had solved the flood problem of
centuries. One test remained, however, in the
Delta, where all the upstream waters must be
funneled safely past New Orleans and
discharged into the Gulf of Mexico. The fresh
sod on the levee at Bonnet Carre would have no
chance to root itself after all.
The Natchez gage recorded the highest in
history. As they had upstream, local and
Federal agencies turned out to sandbag levees
which had not yet been raised to the 1928
grade. There were gaps in the Atchafalaya
levees that had to be hurriedly filled, and plank
revetment to be laid down along the mainline
levees of the Mississippi for protection against
the extreme pressures and very high current
velocities. The broad, deep channel of the lower
river accommodated the flood well enough that
the fuse-plug levees at the head of the
Atchafalaya did not go out. But when the water
rose to the mark of 20 feet on the Carrollton
gage, the Bonnet Carre Spillway was opened
for the first time. The drawing of the needles
continued until, on 18 February, 285 of the 350
bays were flowing. A week later the flow
reached its maximum peak of 211,000 secondfeet-
well within the capacity of the floodway,
but an awesome sight for those who saw it.40
Trees were uprooted and swung like flails
against the forest. A thousand men worked
around the clock, clearing drift from the
floodgates, laboring on the guide levees and
deflection dikes and maintaining a constant
watch over the first man-made outlet of the
Mississippi. An elaborate informationgathering
service was set up, with 153 gages
extending from the weir fore bay to Lake
Pontchartrain. Radio and telephone
maintained constant contact among the work
parties, the patrols, the spillway control
points, and the Second District office. As the
waters began to fall, gradual closing
commenced on 7 March, and continued for nine
more days, holding the Carrollton gage
stationary.
When the last needle fell back into place on
16 March 1937, an extraordinary moment in
the river's history had passed. It passed
quietly, as important moments so often do. The
report of the Mississippi River Commission
recounted the event without rhetoric. Among
other developments, it described the successful
passage of "The High Water" of 1937.No
more than that seemed necessary.
The Atchafalaya Basin was a part of the
flood control system that presented the
Engineers with unique problems. The greatest
of all distributaries of the Mississippi, the
Atchafalaya, was in Fisk's words:
A complex stream which flows partly
in its own channel, partly in a channel
inherited from other streams; which
possesses a single channel for only part
of its length; which builds a delta into a
lake system along its course; and which
finally flows from the lake system into
an arm of the sea through several
channels.43
The Atchafalaya was so complex largely
because it was a new stream still in process of
creation, and one which had been shaped to an
extraordinary degree by the human activities
which surrounded it for a great part of its
existence.
Created during the fifteenth century A.D.,
the Atchafalaya took form when an enlarging
loop of the Mississippi, later called Turnbull's
Bend, broke into the basin of the Red River.
Water from the great river was forced down a
small distributary of the Red which flowed
south into a marshy valley between the Teche
and Lafourche ridges. In the valley was a large
lake formed by the drainage from the ridges, a
lake which had already found an outlet to the
sea through the channel later named the
"lower Atchafalaya." When the first
Europeans arrived, they found the
A tchafalaya a well-defined distributary
flowing out of Turnbull's Bend a few miles
south of its confluence with the Red. The
distributary was so placed, however, that it
became a trap for drift timber brought down
by the two rivers that fed it. By 1778 a great
raft had formed near the head of the stream,
effectively blocking its further enlargement.45
At this point human beings began to tinker
with the Atchafalaya. As settlement
proceeded, the obstruction of the raft became
increasingly burdensome to farmers, and
during the drought of 1839 settlers set fire to it
and burned it to the waterline. The next year
the State of Louisiana began clearing out the
underwater logs with snag boats. Though the
raft periodically re-formed, it was just as
persistently broken up again. By 1880 the
Atchafalaya was permanently clear and
rapidly enlarging. Unhappily for the people of
the valley, it enlarged from north to south,
flooding out long-established plantations and
farms, whose owners used up first their profits
and then their capital in "building and raising
levees to restrain the augmenting floods from
above."46 Much of the land returned to nature,
bankrupting those who had sought to make the
river a navigable stream. And there was a
further danger in what was taking place,
though few remembered that in 1804 the
officer who took possession of upper Louisiana
for the United States had written:
. .. the channel of the Chafalia, a few
miles only from the head of (Red
River), is completely obstructed by
logs and other material. Were it not for
these obstructions, the probability is
that the Mississippi would soon find a
much nearer way to the Gulf than at
present, particularly as it manifests a
constant inclination to vary its
course.
Meantime, in 1831, Henry M. Shreve cut off
Turnbull's Bend.48 The abandoned bend, whose
arms were known as Upper and Lower Old
River, showed the customary tendency to silt
up, and in fact first the southern and then the
northern arm did close. Both the channels
would eventually have become permanently
filled if left to themselves, and the RedAtchafalaya
would have formed a single river
running parallel to the Mississippi.49 Here
again, however, human beings took a hand,
dredging out the lower channel in order to
maintain navigation and trade. The
Mississippi River Commission considered and
rejected a variety of plans for dealing with the
region. Inhabitants of the region were bitterly
divided, as was the Commission itself; James
B. Eads resigned in a dispute over the proposed
closure of Old River. In 1885-1889 the
Mississippi River Commission built three sill
dams to slow the Atchafalaya, but at the
urging of steamboat interests dredged Old
River, where current now flowed west or east
according to relative stages on the Mississippi
and the Red.50 The Jadwin Plan, however,
contemplated using the great distributary for
three converging floodways51 that were to
carry half the project flood out of the main
channel to protect the Delta. The Mississippi
River Commission sill dams were allowed to
decay and were finally destroyed in 1939-1940
as part of the program to open an efficient
channel down the Atchafalaya.52 A variety of
other measures were undertaken to make the
river a better flood way: a single channel was
dredged through the Delta above Grand Lake,
levees were straightened and extended, and a
new outlet was created between lower Grand
Lake (Six Mile Lake) and the Gulf. All these
measures were necessary to the flood control
plan, but they contributed to the everincreasing
diversion of the Mississippi.
By 1940 the Atchafalaya was providing the
great river a route to the sea with a three-to-one
advantage in slope over the old channel past
New Orleans. Any need to dredge Old River
had long since ceased. The channel was rapidly
enlarging, while the Mississippijust below Old
River was beginning to fill-a loss of cross
section that spoke plainly of the decrease in
current velocity caused by the Old River
diversion. The last year in which significant
eastward flow was observed was 1942, when
the current moved toward the Mississippi for a
total of 9 days.53 A study conducted by
Commission geologists in 1951 indicated that
the capture of the Mississippi by the
Atchafalaya channel was only a matter of
time. As it had done so often in the past, the
Mississippi was preparing to find a new,
shorter and steeper route to the sea.
In 1953 a team of geologists directed by
Harold N. Fisk reported to the Commission
that the change would reach a critical stage
during the decade 1965-1975, when 40 percent
of the Mississippi's flow would be diverted and
deterioration of the main channel would
become irreversible.55 There would be no great
danger to the Port of New Orleans in the event
of a diversion of the Mississippi, but the
problems of drinking water and waste disposal
in a tidal estuary were sobering. The elaborate
flood control apparatus, erected over the
course of two centuries on the lower
Mississippi, would become useless. The
Atchafalaya Basin would face the danger of
disastrous floods. And the Old River channel
could not merely be blocked off, for the
Atchafalaya was still essential to control the
project flood. All in all, the diversion threat
represented a problem of extraordinary
complexity.
Corps studies resulted in a Federal law of 3
September 1954, which provided for control
structures at Old River, in effect transforming
the Atchafalaya into a gigantic controlled
floodway/spillway system. Congress
authorized an overbank structure resembling
the spillway weir at Bonnet Carre to control
the passage of floodwater into the Atchafalaya,
and a low sill structure in a dredged channel
paralleling Old River to regulate flow during
periods of low water. A navigation lock was
provided to make the Red-Atchafalaya
accessible to river traffic from the Mississippi,
and when this work was completed the mouth
of Old River was sealed off. Meantime, a
control structure at Morganza' had been
finished in June 1956, completing the work on
the eastern channel of the floodway. By these
works the Atchafalaya-most complex of all
the flood way projects-was prevented from
capturing the Mississippi yet preserved as an
efficient and dependable temporary channel
for the great river in time of flood. 
As might be expected, the existence of so vast
a structure as the Atchafalaya Floodway
caused problems. Like any other alluvial
stream the Atchafalaya continued to build
land and change its own course. The
inefficiency of its lower channel caused
constantly rising stages upstream, and soil
instability made maintenance of levee grades
exceptionally difficult. But the development of
a stable channel was only one of the continuing
problems of the region. Levees blocked
streams and obstructed natural drainage. In
consequence, the Engineers diverted fresh
water through drainage structures at Bayous
Courtableau and Darbonne.58 South of the
distribution structures, drainage from the
region west of the flood way which formerly
entered the Atchafalaya flowed by a
continuous chain of borrow pits to Charenton
drainage and navigation canal, or by Bayou
Teche through Wax Lake Outlet into the Gulf.
Similarly, on the east of the floodway, drainage
moved by Grand or Bell River to Lake
Palourde or Verret and thence to the Gulf
Intracoastal Waterway and the Gulf. Thus, the
whole drainage pattern of the region was
rearranged.
Finally, the basin-especially the West
Atchafalaya Floodway-attracted fishermen,
hunters, and farmers, causing the District to
draw up a master recreation plan for the
region. Despite the flood way easement written
into all deeds for which the Federal
Government paid out considerable money,
whole communities of farms and camps sprang
up, some representing heavy investments.
People who invested would, of course, exercise
maximum pressure to prevent the floodway
from being used for the purpose for which it
was intended. 59 The complexity of maintaining
and using the floodway was almost as great as
the difficulty encountered in building it; yet
when tested the system proved to be worth its
cost.
The test came in 1973. Serious flood
emergencies in 1945 and 1950 brought new
openings of Bonnet Carre, but not of the
Atchafalaya system, though dynamite was
ready in 1945 and the decision not to breach the
fuse plugs was "a matter of tenths of a foot."6o
Almost a quarter of a century elapsed without
further need to use either spillway or floodway.
Then, in April 1973, floods again swept the
Mississippi Basin, killing 16 people.61 As
hundreds fled their homes in the Alluvial
Valley, the New Orleans District girded for a
dangerous crest worsened by heavy rains. The
town of Montz just north of Bonnet Carre was
partially evacuated and bulldozers began to
throw up a setback levee to protect an area
with a long record of caving banks.62 Vessels in
the lower Mississippi were warned to slow
down to minimize wave-wash damage to the
levees.63 As incessant rains continued, Lower
Mississippi Valley Division Engineer Major
General Charles C. Noble ordered Bonnet
Carre opened on 8 April, citing unfavorable
forecasts and potential levee damage from a
flow that had reached 1.4 million cubic feet per
second. While aircraft buzzed overhead, a
crown of 4,000 in a holiday mood watched
Senator Russell B. Long mount a small crane
on the weir and pull the first needle.65 District
Engineer Colonel Richard L. Hunt ordered the
opening to be spread out over three days,
preventing surges, minimizing scour, and
reducing flood heights at New Orleans by 1.5
feet. "The metropolitan New Orleans area,"
declared a local paper, "is in the midst of
discovering the true effectiveness of its flood
protection system ....
A fuller demonstration was to come. Huge
masses of water moving at great velocity
undermined the Old River low sill control
structure. A week after the opening of Bonnet
Carre, a wingwall protecting the structure
collapsed. Evacuation of families in the
Morganza flood way began at once, and at
dawn on 17 April the Engineers opened the
first floodgate. As river water rushed "in white
fountains of foam ... across the grassy
floodway," District personnel opened 42 of
the 125 gates, beginning the diversion of 60,000
cubic feet per second to lessen pressure against
the Old River structure 20 miles upstream.
"This is not a routine high water," General
Noble told the press. "We are confronted with
river conditions which, if not controlled, could
cause more loss of life and property than this
valley experienced in the 1927 flood."68
Governor Edwards and Colonel Hunt
at Morganza Floodway.
The situation continued to be grave
throughout the month. New rains threatened.
Louisiana Governor Edwin Edwards called
out additional National Guardsmen. Residents
of Morgan City, Jena, Marksville, Jonesville,
and Opelousas were warned that they might
have to evacuate their homes. The Red Cross
set up shelters throughout the state.69
Guardsmen, local citizens, and the Corps
worked to bolster the Morgan City levees.7o
Then news began to improve. A sudden drop in
the Atchafalaya enabled the Engineers to declare
that crisis past. The levees held. As the
Office of Emergency Preparedness reported
3,000 families displaced in Louisiana,
President Richard M. Nixon flew over part of
the flooded region with Senator John C.
Stennis of Mississippi. On 27 April, Nixon
added Arkansas and Louisiana to the list of
disaster area states.72 But by mid-month, the
river, though still above flood stage, was falling
slowly, leaving $420 million in damage and 27
dead from Illinois to Louisiana.
Slowly the state dug out. The Engineers
dredged to reopen navigation channels at
Morgan City and began to raise 260 miles of
mainline levee as a precaution against further
flooding.73 Yet even as valley residents met to
demand expanded flood protection,74 Corps
spokesmen could point to the immense job
accomplished by the existing system. One of
the great floods of history had passed,
overwhelming local levees and devastating
backwater areas. Yet the mainline levees had
held and the diversion channels had worked.
"The real story of the great flood," said a
national magazine, "is not the damage done but
the massive destruction that was prevented."75
An Engineer estimated damages averted
below Cairo at $6 billion, those above at $1.5
billion.76 Nevertheless, the flood gave a
formidable warning to the nation. Senator
Stennis demanded higher priorities for flood
control work,77 and the inherent danger posed
by uncontrolled urban occupancy of flood
plains was made painfully clear. "If we had
had proper flood-plain regulations 10 years
ago," declared a Corps spokesman at
Vicksburg, "over one-third of the $128 million
in property damage in Mississippi this year
would not have occurred."
To the New Orleans District, aftermath of
the flood included extensive dredging, repair,
and disaster relief activities. Scour holes
beneath the low sill structure had to be filled,
the wingwall replaced by a rock dike, flowlines
revised in the Atchafalaya Floodway and
levees raised. Various pumping stations were
enlarged; the Charenton Floodgate in the West
Atchafalaya Protection Levee was modified.
Study of the masses of data gathered during
the flood promised improved protection for the
future. But none who lived through it would
easily forget the great flood of 1973.
As a result of the program inaugurated by
the Jadwin Plan and carried out by the Corps
of Engineers in the 40 years since, the ancient
theme of the Mississippi in flood tended to lose
its atmosphere of crisis and tragedy. Great
floods in 1937, 1945, 1950, and 1973 were
passed successfully to the sea. Hundreds of
millions of dollars invested in flood control
were repaid many times over in a multiplying
population, industry, agriculture, and the
development of recreational opportunities in
the lower Valley. Furthermore, the way was
opened to a broader development of the
Mississippi and its tributary systems for
human use and enjoyment. Conquest of the
great floods brought the river and its
people into a new "regimen" in which the
works of man successfully and harmoniously
supplemented those of nature. But in
view of the extreme complexity and unpredictability
of the river system, complacency
could not be justified. The river was not to
be "bullied"-Mark Twain's word-but
to be lived with. The flood control story would
have no real end.
