K.J.P. Garcia

Bitch tendencies



No not at all / no not at all / no not at all /no not at all / no not today

Jesus saves. Jesus accrues interest. Jesus gets a 401k. Jesus looks forward to retirement. Jesus is financially responsible
 unlike yall broke ass motherfuckers around here. 

shit, was born broke and I never gonna fix that

and Jesus aint never got to call it quits no way 

aint never had to ask where the hood at and still caught it all the same

so dont  hit me with that positive shit

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all / no not at all

*

You good, my nigga? No not at all. You straight, my nigga? No not at all. We good, my nigga? No not today. You my nigga, my nigga?
 No not at all. No not at all. 

Yo, why you acting all hood 

when last week you was on some

Belle and Sebastian type shit.

Told you, some of us is sensitive. Shit, Mill aint never been as meek as me and besides

Aint got no good reason to put on airs

While standing here with a tire to spare. 

Yo, you really gonna leave that rhyme in? 

How you gonna be on some dad jokes and still be out here

Half-rapping? 

Well, if its half, its hybrid. 

Yall high yellas is always on that hybrid shit

And yall yellas and redbones too

All yall got them same tendancies. 

Which tendancies is them? 

Runs in the half-blood, trigueño, quadroon

and so on and so forth. 

Getting at them tendancies. 

Which ones? Coming at what? Coming for what tendancies? 

Them bitch tendancies. 

*

Shit, this why I love my niggas but where my bitches? 

Love my niggas but where my bitches? 

I love my niggas but where my bitches? 

Said, I love my bitches. Said, girl, you heard this? You seen this? They out here on some silly shit. Niggas is trying to play
 us. Girl, you been up on the dirt? Down on the grime? Girl, what we supposed to do? 

Nigga said, 

“These cats aint loyal.”

Thats cuz yous a rat. 

             Told on the uterus

             Came out the womb with a tale to tell

Born a snitch but got off / got out

Left mom with stitches for your snitching

None of us will ever forget. 

*

Bear witness  

And when the world comes through

And when you say you stood by your mans

Did you? 

Did you stand by me? 

No not at all / no not at all 

Did you stand by your girl? 

Did you lie when you spoke to me

Now, I got a job  something to do  and did you stand by me? Did you? How bout you? 

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all / no not at all 

*

All alone on some this, that and a third-hand accounts of what occurred 

But whats bread among enemies 

Whats a grape for 

If not to be bust? 

And is this a story? A story same as the greatest? Is this the narrative to keep or the song to sell? 

Fakes and fugazis keep it real too  marvelous real, hyper-real, unreal, unrealistic 

And aint nobody gotta have nobodys back when theys stepping on the work of dreams. 

*

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all / no not at all 

*

Can a nigga borrow a chorus? 

*

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all / no not at all 

*

Been one straight-laced, do-gooding thief for years now  

                   No shame in the game

Cuz I love my miracles but wheres my wishes? I love my miracles but wheres my wishes? 

I love my miracles but wheres my wishes? 

*

I said I love my tunnels but wheres my bridges? I said I love my channels but wheres my switches?  

Said I love my bottoms but wheres my switches? Said I love my Cancers but wheres my fishes? 

I said every day is miserable but its all good. Wepa. 

But didnt you start by saying… 

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all / no not at all / that was decades ago. That was whenever ago. The hood has a long
 memory and so should you. And if I aint never lied, I aint never lived. Been living a con since conception but Im here for the
 long game not a long time. Its all means to an end and then may rebirth be kind. 

*

Its always brightest before the dusk then the stars step in, one-up, and go hard even behind buildings. Out of sight but 
always on the mind cuz everybody needs a guide  a beacon to call down ghost and aliens alike. 

Anybody to undress the wolves, anybody to say  the moon rejects sheep. To say the moon is full up on some bullshit. To say the 
moon when it comes through it comes through new, black, with no more room for writing. Fuck the white space and fuck the margins 
too. The moon will pass when need be but dont dont think the dark side wont start to show. Dont start nothing / wont be nothing. 
Once again, its light come at dawn on that shit again. Dont trust the sun. Got nothing to say to the head-star in charge trying 
best to bring shadows to the side of the bright. The earth been circling this hot air for too long now. But at the end of the day 
dont forget everybody out here who been waiting to get to the end of it. Waiting for the sun to scram. Be out. Thou art a scandal. 
Get thee behind me and let me get to a conclusion, my nigga. Let me forget where I started but yall best take inventory of all my names from K to Z. 

*

Aint nobody got to be a nice person 

I aint pushing pollen. This aint honey. So what yall really want? 

Smiles or sighs? Smiles or sighs? Smiles or sighs? 

Aint really with it.

No not at all / no not at all / no not at all /no not at all 

This train broke the tracks 

This vein slit the wrists

Blood got better places to be 

Thoughts need a tangent 

Cant hang around where hands are out

No not today / no not this year 

Decades ago  born into the blackout  '77 aint give a fuck on Bronx streets light/dark, big or little niggas

Now, who we be? Bhatty boys reppin Flatbush  street after street block to block. Intersections that aint familiar no more. Our 
junctions are disjointed. Nostrand lost its “nos”. Wheres a Church Ave when you need it? Wheres that old sense of loss in these times of still not having shit? 

*

What these riches want from a nigga? 

Jesus saved all his best for himself. 

What these switches want from a nigga? 

When kids was getting they ass beat

What the fuck a belt / a strap want from a nigga? 

Wasnt life punishment enough? 

Wepa. 

Why yall still on that ass when ask is all 

Anybody ever did? 

No reason to preach. Nothing to apologize for either 

Made my mistakes with myself as my own hypeman

For all my fronting, never call a façade phony 

Came down / came out 

Queer as thunder

What that mean? 

Nothing but its worth a lot

And I been silent ever since 

Except for this long ass shit. 

Im just trying to make wrong fight for right

Out here trying to get it twisted / trying to turn it around

trying to bring it all together 

Dread this world / cornrow the hood / braid the broke / plait the poor

Take the cat out the tree introduce it to the dog. Give up the mouses hideout

Escort the roaches to the end of days. 

God aint never been ride or die. He aint never stood by his man even when his man was himself. He aint got no friends. 

No not at all /no not at all
